<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>

<!DOCTYPE TEI.2 SYSTEM "http://www.gutenberg.org/tei/marcello/0.4/dtd/pgtei.dtd" [

<!ENTITY u5  "http://www.tei-c.org/Lite/">

]>

<TEI.2 lang="en">
<teiHeader>
  <fileDesc>
    <titleStmt>
      <title>English Translations From The Greek</title>
      <title type="sub">A Bibliographical Survey</title>
      <author><name reg="Foster, Finley Melville Kendall">Finley Melville Kendall Foster</name></author>
    </titleStmt>
    <editionStmt>
      <edition n="1">Edition 1</edition>
    </editionStmt>
    <publicationStmt>
      <publisher>Project Gutenberg</publisher>
      <date>May 12, 2015</date>
      <idno type="etext-no">48950</idno>
      <availability>
        <p>This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
        most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
        whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
        the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
        www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
        to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.</p>
      </availability>
    </publicationStmt>
    <sourceDesc>
      <bibl>
        Created electronically.
      </bibl>
    </sourceDesc>
  </fileDesc>
  <encodingDesc>
  </encodingDesc>
  <profileDesc>
    <langUsage>
      <language id="en"></language>
    </langUsage>
  </profileDesc>
  <revisionDesc>
    <change>
      <date value="2015-05-12">May 12, 2015</date>
      <respStmt>
        <name>
            Produced by David Starner, David King, and the Online
            Distributed Proofreading Team at &lt;http://www.pgdp.net/&gt;.
            (This file was produced from images generously made
            available by The Internet Archive/American Libraries.)
        </name>
      </respStmt>
      <item>Project Gutenberg TEI edition 1</item>
    </change>
  </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

<pgExtensions>
  <pgStyleSheet>
    .boxed           { x-class: boxed }
    .shaded          { x-class: shaded }
    .rules           { x-class: rules; rules: all }
    .indent          { margin-left: 2 }
    .bold            { font-weight: bold }
    .italic          { font-style: italic }
    .smallcaps       { font-variant: small-caps }
  </pgStyleSheet>

  <pgCharMap formats="txt.iso-8859-1">
    <char id="U0x2014">
      <charName>mdash</charName>
      <desc>EM DASH</desc>
      <mapping>--</mapping>
    </char>
    <char id="U0x2003">
      <charName>emsp</charName>
      <desc>EM SPACE</desc>
      <mapping>  </mapping>
    </char>
    <char id="U0x2026">
      <charName>hellip</charName>
      <desc>HORIZONTAL ELLIPSIS</desc>
      <mapping>...</mapping>
    </char>
  </pgCharMap>
</pgExtensions>

<text lang="en">
  <front>
    <div>
      <divGen type="pgheader" />
    </div>
    <div>
      <divGen type="encodingDesc" />
    </div>

    <div rend="page-break-before: always">
      <p rend="font-size: xx-large; text-align: center">English Translations From The Greek</p>
      <p rend="font-size: x-large; text-align: center">A Bibliographical Survey</p>
      <p rend="font-size: large; text-align: center">By</p>
      <p rend="font-size: x-large; text-align: center">Finley Melville Kendall Foster</p>
      <p rend="font-size: large; text-align: center">Submitted in Partial Fulfilment of
the Requirements for the Degree of Doctor of Philosophy, in the
Faculty of Philosophy, Columbia University</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">New York</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">Columbia University Press</p>
      <p rend="text-align: center">1918</p>
    </div>
    <div rend="page-break-before: always">
      <head>Contents</head>
      <divGen type="toc" />
    </div>

  </front>
<body>

<div>
<p rend='text-align: center'>
<figure url='images/cover.jpg' rend='width: 30%'>
<figDesc>Cover Art</figDesc>
</figure>
</p>
<p>
[Transcriber's Note: The above cover image was produced by the submitter at
Distributed Proofreaders, and is being placed into the public domain.]
</p>
</div>

<pb n='vii'/><anchor id='Pgvii'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Preface</head>

<p>
This book had its origin in a preliminary study of the
attitude of the first thirty years of the nineteenth century
toward the classics. A list of the translations which were
published during those years seemed so significant, if only
from the point of view of quantity, that it was deemed wise
to extend that study backward and forward fifty years in
order to have the necessary material for a comparative
study of the original list. It soon became evident, however,
that there were only two possible termini for such a study:
the establishment of Caxton's printing press in London
in 1476 and the present year. The result of these searchings
is embodied in the list of translations which make up the
contents of this book.
</p>

<p>
Certain limitations have, of necessity, been put upon the
scope of this work. With a few exceptions, Musaeus for instance,
the survey deals with Greek literature to 200 <hi rend='smallcaps'>a.d.</hi>
Josephus, because the interest in his work is mainly religious,
has been omitted; and for the same reason the
writings of the early Christian fathers have not been listed.
Moreover, in stating the reappearances of a given translation,
I have made no attempt to distinguish between
editions and reprints. To attempt to unravel the tangled
skein of second, third, fourth, fifth editions, and the like,
would in many cases be the work of a lifetime. I do not
feel that the value of this list would be increased by any
such attempt. The fact that a particular book was published
at a particular time, with the notation of any revision or
correction which may have been made, is the matter of
prime importance.
</p>

<pb n='viii'/><anchor id='Pgviii'/>

<p>
Of the sources of this list I have little to say. The list
of translations published in England was gathered largely
from the following books: Miss Palmer's bibliography of
classical books published before 1640, <hi rend='italic'>The Stationers' Register</hi>,
<hi rend='italic'>The Term Catalogues</hi>, <hi rend='italic'>The British Museum Catalogue of
Printed Books</hi>, <hi rend='italic'>The London Catalogue</hi>, <hi rend='italic'>The English Catalogue</hi>,
Watt's <hi rend='italic'>Bibliotheca Britannica</hi>, Lowndes' <hi rend='italic'>Bibliographer's Manual
of English Literature</hi>, Moss's <hi rend='italic'>Classical Bibliography</hi>,
Engelmann's <hi rend='italic'>Bibliotheca Scriptorum</hi>, and the book lists
published in the <hi rend='italic'>Gentleman's Magazine</hi>, and <hi rend='italic'>The Edinburgh
Review</hi>.
</p>

<p>
The list of American translations has been gathered from
Evans' <hi rend='italic'>American Bibliography</hi>, Roorbach's <hi rend='italic'>Bibliotheca Americana</hi>,
<hi rend='italic'>The American Catalogue</hi>, and <hi rend='italic'>The Publisher's Weekly</hi>.
In two respects the American section is not so complete as
might be desired. In a number of cases it is impossible
to give the exact date of publication. Roorbach's <hi rend='italic'>Bibliotheca</hi>
dates as many as possible and so do the first volumes
of the <hi rend='italic'>American Catalogue</hi>. Leypoldt in the preface to the
first volume of the latter publication regrets his inability
to obtain from many of the publishers the dates of their
own publications. In all such cases I have given the dates
covered by each volume in which the translations occur.
By this means nearly all of them can be located within
two or three years of the exact date. The other defect I
have found in dealing with American bibliography is in
the lack of differentiation between importations and reprints.
For this reason it is impossible to determine whether
a given English translation was reprinted in America or imported
and sold by certain publishers. So far as possible I
have listed the American reprints of English translations immediately
after the original publication or after the English
reprints of it. By this arrangement all the available facts
concerning each translation are presented in one place.
</p>

<pb n='ix'/><anchor id='Pgix'/>

<p>
A word, perhaps, is necessary in the way of definition of
translation. In this list I have aimed to include only such
works as profess to be English renderings of Greek writings.
In some cases, chiefly before 1700, the English translation
was made from a French, Italian, or Latin version of the
Greek original. So far as possible, such instances have
been noted. I have not included adaptations, paraphrases,
and the like; nor have I attempted to record solitary
translations of excerpts from Greek literature. A book of
translations in the literal sense of the word has been my
basis for entering a title in the following list.
</p>

<p>
The author would be the last one to claim infallibility
for this list. One has but to attempt to gather together
any considerable number of titles on a given subject to come
to a realization of the difficulties of the work. <q>Here a
little and there a little</q> is a true text in any such undertaking;
and two translations in a bushel of books is no rare
occurrence. I have listed the facts as I have been able to
gather them; but I dare not vouch that in all cases they
are complete. I hope some of the more elusive ones will
be added at some future time.
</p>

<p>
The contents of the two introductory sections sum up
certain ideas which have occurred to me as I have been
working over this material. The sections are intended
to suggest rather than to solve the problems which English
translation from the Greek presents. A discussion of the
introduction of the literature of one nation into that of
another by means of translation is not new; but a discussion
of such translations as forming a continuous thread
of influence is perhaps slightly different from any hitherto
set forth. A series of studies of translations into English
from various literatures might add something to our present
understanding of literary influences. If this book furnishes
the basis for some such study of the interrelations between
<pb n='x'/><anchor id='Pgx'/>
Greek and English literatures, the labor spent upon it will
not have been expended in vain.
</p>

<p>
I am especially indebted to Professors Ashley H. Thorndike
and William Peterfield Trent of Columbia University,
to whom I owe much for their thoughtful advice and assistance.
Their continual interest did much to make a lonely
task a pleasant one.
</p>

<p>
F.M.K.F.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Delaware College<lb/>
Newark, Delaware</hi><lb/>
February 28, 1918
</p>

</div>

<pb n='xiii'/><anchor id='Pgxiii'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Introduction</head>

<div>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>I. The Growth of Translation</head>

<p rend='text-align: center'>
  <figure url='images/growth.png' rend='width: 80%'>
    <head>The Growth of Greek Translation. The solid line is original and
    reprinted translations; the dashed line is original translations only.</head>
    <figDesc>Illustration: Growth of translation</figDesc>
  </figure>
</p>

<p>
The history of English translation from the Greek is
almost coincident with the history of English printing.
In 1477 William Caxton set up his press in London and
from that press in 1484 he issued his own translation of
Aesop's <hi rend='italic'>Fables</hi>. The real beginning of serious translation,
as is very evident from the chart accompanying this section,
was made in the decade 1530-1540. From that time until
the time of the Civil War and the Protectorate there was
a steady output of translations, not many as compared with
our day, but a proportion consistent with the size of the
reading public of the time.
</p>

<p>
In the one hundred and thirty years between 1520 and
1650, one hundred and seventy-nine translations were published.
Of these one hundred and fourteen were new translations
and sixty-five were reprintings. That two-thirds of
the total number are new translations is not surprising; for
with the awakening of interest in Greek which took place
during these years, men could not turn to translations made
in former years. For this reason they had to satisfy the
demand for knowledge of Greek literature in the English
language by producing their own translations and reprinting
these as the demand required. That the reprints
amounted to one-half of the production of original translations
is interesting as showing that the demand for translations
was not equalled by a supply of new ones and that
translations must have been popular. Printers have never
<pb n='xiv'/><anchor id='Pgxiv'/>
been inclined to be sentimental in regard to publishing
books and any over-enthusiasm a translator may have
in regard to his author is sure to be checked by the monetary
standards of the publisher. For this reason I would suggest
that the publishers during the latter part of the sixteenth
and the first part of the seventeenth century evidently
found Greek translations a paying proposition; if they had
not, they would not have ventured to place so many translations
before a very limited reading public. All this
seems to add one more evidence to the already established
dictum that the Renaissance readers in England were much
interested in Greek literature.
</p>

<p>
During the one hundred and fifty years following the
Civil War English literature was partly under the domain of
those principles which are generally known as neo-classical.
For this reason the facts of Greek translation are very
interesting and to a certain degree provide an index of the
importance of Greek literature during these years. At least
five hundred and four translations of Greek authors were
published, of which two hundred and thirty-nine were reprintings
of those previously printed. The average number
published per annum between 1530 and 1650 was
1.30 +; whereas for these one hundred and fifty years
the annual average is 3.36 +. This increase may be due
to the fact that the reading public of these later years was
larger than that of the preceding age; but I doubt if it
was almost three hundred per cent larger. I would much
rather attribute the increase to an equal growth of interest
in Greek literature encouraged by the principles of literary
art which were flourishing at that time and fostered by the
steady development of Greek scholarship through those
years. Aristotle's <hi rend='italic'>Poetics</hi> was one of the sources of criticism
during these years and, as I shall show in the next section,
the interest in Greek philosophy was predominant throughout
<pb n='xv'/><anchor id='Pgxv'/>
the period. The authority of the classics and the
classics themselves were uppermost in the current of literary
thought; hence it seems plausible that Greek translation
should show a positive reaction at this time.
</p>

<p>
Before leaving this period I desire to point out one or
two matters which have become evident upon a study of
the chart at the beginning of this section. The curve as
it passes through the decades after 1650 rises gradually
to a peak in 1720. It is interesting to note that this was
the hey-day of Pope: his <hi rend='italic'>Iliad</hi> was published volume by
volume between 1715 and 1720. Through the latter years
of Pope's life the curve declines, reaching its lowest point
four years before his death. Shortly after his death Doctor
Johnson began to exert his influence on English literature,
an influence which was powerfully classical. This continuation
of the neo-classical principles raised the curve again;
and Doctor Johnson himself assisted in producing that
result by reprinting a number of translations in his <hi rend='italic'>Works
of the English Poets</hi>, 1779-81. The decline of the last twenty
years of this period, 1780-1800, is synchronous with the
fading of the supreme authority of neo-classical principles;
for with the death of Johnson in 1784 the last star of the
first magnitude in the neo-classical firmament had set.
The curve would go much lower but for the reprinting of
a number of translations in Anderson's <hi rend='italic'>Poets of Great Britain</hi>,
1792-94. As appears from the chart Greek translation
was waiting for the tide to turn and come forth into the
nineteenth century with renewed vigor.
</p>

<p>
The nineteenth century, quantitatively at least, is the
most important period in the history of Greek translation,
for more than half of the total number of translations printed
between 1484 and 1916 were published during these years.
As the chart indicates the great numerical advance came
after 1860, although the preceding sixty years had been
<pb n='xvi'/><anchor id='Pgxvi'/>
far ahead of the previous centuries in the work produced.
The reasons suggested for this great advance in the nineteenth
century are: first, a new interest in Greece itself;
secondly, the rise of classical libraries and the subsequent
cheapness of translations; and thirdly a large output, mainly
in the latter part of the nineteenth century, of schoolboy helps.
</p>

<p>
The early part of the nineteenth century was a time of
much interest in Greece on the part of the English public.
The travels of Edward Dodwell, H. W. Williams, and William
Gell, to say nothing of Lord Byron, made the Greece of that
day well known in England. Through all this time, from
1784 to 1818, William Mitford's <hi rend='italic'>History of Greece</hi> was proceeding
in leisurely installments. The immediate popularity
of the work is but another evidence of the widespread
interest in Greece. I need hardly mention the stress which
was laid upon the classics in the educational system of the
time, for it is a well known fact. The emphasis which was
placed upon Greek was at least equal to that upon Latin.
The Classical scholars of the period such as C. J. Bloomfield,
J. H. Monk, P. P. Dobree, and P. Elmsley spent the
major portion of their lives in carrying on the work of Porson
and editing Greek texts rather than Latin. The <hi rend='italic'>Reviews</hi>
from time to time published articles on new classical
books; and that the emphasis was on Greek rather than
Latin is shown by a survey of the classical reviews in the
<hi rend='italic'>Edinburgh Review</hi> between 1802 and 1836: of a total of
thirty-nine articles, twenty-nine were on Greek books.
All of these forces encouraged a new interest in Greece and
Greek literature, an interest which was not so much the
purely literary attitude of the century and a half which
had just passed, as a general interest on the part of the
whole reading public.
</p>

<p>
Another agency of supreme importance in bringing Greece
before the eyes of the English public at this time was the
<pb n='xvii'/><anchor id='Pgxvii'/>
removal of the marbles from the Acropolis by Lord Elgin.
These marbles, the last of which arrived in England in 1812,
were the center of much discussion in England. One has
but to call to mind the caustic remarks by Lord Byron on
Elgin in <hi rend='italic'>The Curse of Minerva</hi> and <hi rend='italic'>Childe Harold</hi> to realize
the intenseness of the opposition to taking away from
Greece part of the last vestiges of her ancient glory. The
coldness of their reception was finally overcome by Visconti
and Canova, who pointed out their historical and artistic
value. Finally in 1816, after an extensive investigation
of their merits, Parliament appropriated £35,000 for their
purchase by the government. From that time until to-day
they have been preserved for public view in the British
Museum. After the Greek Revolution the service which
Lord Elgin had rendered not only to England, but to the
world, was recognized; for they alone of all the monuments
of Greece escaped the ravages of the years of warfare.
The importation of these marbles, then, was another cord
which fastened English attention on Greece; for they provoked
public discussion of the merits of the action, and for
those who had access to London, furnished a physical bond
of connection with Greece.
</p>

<p>
The Greek Revolution, which raged from 1821 to 1829,
was another factor in deepening the interest which the
English public had in Greece. After the outbreak of the
revolution, although the government officially ignored the
revolt and added its name to those who refused to admit
the Greeks to the Congress of Verona, the people of England
announced in no uncertain terms their approval of the Greek
cause. The grounds for this approval were two: the Greeks
were the people who had in the ages long gone by given
priceless literature and art to the world for which the
world had done nothing in return; secondly, the Greeks
were Christians and were to be encouraged to throw off
<pb n='xviii'/><anchor id='Pgxviii'/>
the yoke of bondage imposed upon them by the Mohammedan
Turk. Such sentiments as these are to be found
in the magazines of the time and in the various pamphlets
which appeared in behalf of the Greeks in the early part
of the war. Concretely the interest of the English public
was shown by meetings held in various parts of the country,
chiefly Edinburgh and London, and in the formation of the
London Greek Committee. This committee collected
£7,000 by voluntary subscription from the British public,
with which to purchase military supplies for the Greeks.
At the suggestion of Lord Byron, whom the committee
made one of its agents in Greece, the committee assisted
in the floating of two Greek loans in England. The battle
of Navarino (1827) which, though considered as "untoward"
by the government, was a brilliant naval success for the
English and French fleets, was heartily welcomed by
the English public. And finally at the conclusion of the
revolution the English nation became one of the guarantors
of the constitutional monarchy established in Greece.
Thus through the political events of the decade 1820-1830
Greece was kept in the eye of the British public.
</p>

<p>
All of these factors, the literary interest in Greece and
Greek, the Elgin marbles, and the Greek Revolution, created
a desire for things Greek on the part of the English public.
Of these three forces the third was of course effective only
on the generation then living; but the other two lost none
of their power as the century proceeded. In fact the interest
in Greek literature as literature, I do not say as a
language, was much stronger at the close of the century
than at the beginning, largely, I think, because of the efforts
of such men as Matthew Arnold, Benjamin Jowett, and
Richard Claverhouse Jebb. The work of these men has
been ably carried on by Sir Gilbert Murray and J. P. Mahaffy
into our own century.
</p>

<pb n='xix'/><anchor id='Pgxix'/>

<p>
Consequently when one turns to view the progress of
Greek translation through these years, one is not surprised
to find an abundant and increasingly large output. The
demand for translations grew almost in direct ratio as the
study of the Greek language and the reading of the literature
in the original declined. The interest in Greece which
had been fostered and developed through the century could
only be satisfied by an abundance of translations whose
range covered the whole of Greek literature.
</p>

<p>
This interest in and demand for the works of these ancient
authors produced a form of publication which was new to
the reading public, namely, the classical library. The first
of these was <hi rend='italic'>The Works of the Greek and Roman Poets, translated
into English verse</hi>. This work was published in eighteen
volumes between the years 1809 and 1812; the volumes
were then gathered together and given the uniform date
of 1813. The next library to follow this was <hi rend='italic'>Valpy's Family
Classical Library</hi>, published between 1830 and 1834. The
works, as was also the case with the <hi rend='italic'>Greek and Roman Poets</hi>,
were reprintings of translations already in existence. The
emphasis was placed on Greek rather than Latin literature;
for of the twenty-seven authors represented in the collection,
sixteen were Greek. Another significant fact in
regard to this <hi rend='italic'>Library</hi> was its price; the books were sold
at four shillings and sixpence a volume, a price which placed
the translations within the reach of all possible purchasers.
The last and probably the most famous library before the
turn of the century was Bohn's <hi rend='italic'>Classical Library</hi>. This
collection of books, at five shillings a volume, was published
in great part between 1848 and 1863. The aim of the <hi rend='italic'>Classical
Library</hi> was to furnish the British public with cheap
translations of all the important classical works. In the
accomplishment of this purpose the <hi rend='italic'>Library</hi> was much extended
in scope beyond <hi rend='italic'>Valpy's</hi> and made more complete
<pb n='xx'/><anchor id='Pgxx'/>
by the translation of all the works of many of its authors.
While in some cases the translations were reprintings of
those already popular, the majority were new translations
made for the <hi rend='italic'>Classical Library</hi>. Of the great popularity
of this <hi rend='italic'>Library</hi> I do not need to speak; for the translations
have been on the shelves of almost every educated
family in England and America for the last sixty years.
</p>

<p>
Satisfied with the translations published by Bohn, the
reading public of the latter part of the century made little
demand for any other similar collection of books. The
only series of translations of any importance which was
published during these years was <hi rend='italic'>Ancient Classics for English
Readers</hi>, and these contained only selections from the authors
with a great amount of introductory matter. These works,
edited by the Reverend W. Lucas Collins and published
by Blackwoods, were sold at two shillings and sixpence
a volume. Of the twenty authors translated in this collection
twelve were Greek. The series was more educational
in its nature than any preceding one and the outlines
and analyses in the books were intended for those who had
little or no classical knowledge. The next classical library
of interest to the general reader was <hi rend='italic'>The New Classical
Library</hi> in which were published translations of Herodotus,
Plutarch, and Theophrastus between 1906 and 1909. The
last library and one which bids fair to take the place of
the Bohn <hi rend='italic'>Classical Library</hi> is the <hi rend='italic'>Loeb Classical Library</hi>,
which was begun in 1912. Once more an attempt is being
made to supply the English reading public with adequate
translations of all the classics. Inasmuch as it is at present
incomplete little can be said of it at this time; but it seems
assured of success.
</p>

<p>
In addition to the translations published in purely Greek
and Latin collections many translations were included in
the general collections of books which became popular
<pb n='xxi'/><anchor id='Pgxxi'/>
in the latter part of the nineteenth century and are still
in vogue. In such libraries as the following were published
translations from the more popular Greek authors, e.g.,
Aristotle, Herodotus, Homer, Plato, Plutarch, and the
dramatists: <hi rend='italic'>Morley's Universal Library</hi> (1884), <hi rend='italic'>Cassell's
National Library</hi> (1887), <hi rend='italic'>Lubbock's Hundred Best Books</hi>
(1891), <hi rend='italic'>Temple Classics</hi> (1897), <hi rend='italic'>Golden Treasury Series</hi>
(1901), <hi rend='italic'>World's Classics</hi> (1902), <hi rend='italic'>New Universal Library</hi>
(1906), and <hi rend='italic'>Everyman's Library</hi> (1906). There are a few
other sporadic publications in other libraries, which have
been noted in the <hi rend='italic'>Survey</hi> as they occur.
</p>

<p>
As the publication of <q>classical libraries</q> is a nineteenth
century development, so the introduction of schoolboy
helps began with the early years of the century. The
work of T. W. C. Edwards in the twenties and thirties
was intended for schoolboy consumption. At the same time
one or more persons hid behind the all-inclusive authorship
of "Graduate of the University of Oxford" to produce
literal translations of the works of the dramatists. In the
middle of the century much of the work of Doctor J. A.
Giles was done to help the schoolboy over hard places.
In 1870 and the following years a new series of translations
of the dramatists was brought out by a <q>First-Class Man
of Balliol College.</q> Roscoe Mongan, whose translations
were to a large extent published in <hi rend='italic'>Kelly's Keys to the Classics</hi>,
began his work in 1878. These translations went over
the ground covered by his predecessors, and spread out
into history, epic and philosophy. Evidently the schoolboys
of his time found them very useful, for many of them
were reprinted within a few years.
</p>

<p>
During the early eighties the <q>First-Class Man of Balliol
College</q> reappeared with a translation of Herodotus book
by book. From this time until the outbreak of the present
war there was a steady output of these utilitarian translations.
<pb n='xxii'/><anchor id='Pgxxii'/>
G. F. H. Sykes, J. H. Haydon, A. H. Allcroft,
J. A. Prout, F. G. Plaistowe, E. S. Crooke, J. Thompson,
B. J. Hayes, H. Hailstone, T. R. Mills, W. H. Balgarnie,
J. F. Stout, and others who did only one or two books,
made their translations with the student of the language
as their reading public. Some of these translations appeared
in the <hi rend='italic'>University Tutorial Series</hi>, a collection of
books in which the text, translations, notes, vocabulary,
difficult parsings, and test papers were published.
</p>

<p>
The work of these men, quantitatively at least, is an
important factor in the history of Greek translation. Between
1850 and 1870 only eleven translations of this type
were published; between the years 1870 and 1910, however,
at least two hundred and eleven schoolboy helps were
published. The following table gives the minimum figures
for this kind of translation during these years.
</p>

<lg>
<l>1870-1879=26</l>
<l>1880-1889=62</l>
<l>1890-1899=86</l>
<l>1900-1909=37</l>
</lg>

<p>
The falling off in the first decade of the twentieth century
may be due to two causes: first, the decrease in the number
of students of Greek in the schools, which was the result of
the great opposition stirred up in the latter part of the
nineteenth century by the advocates of a more practical
education; and, secondly, the ample production of the
decade preceding filled the market and plentifully supplied
the demand. I have set forth here these figures in regard
to the schoolboy translation because I doubt whether the
extent of that type of work has been realized by any except
the competing publishers. To no small degree has the total
of translations in the latter part of the nineteenth century
been increased by this type of publication.
</p>

<pb n='xxiii'/><anchor id='Pgxxiii'/>

<p>
In the preceding paragraphs I have tried to suggest
the reasons for the changing fortunes of English translation
from the Greek. The quantity of translations produced
between 1484 and 1917 is somewhat larger than is
generally realized: the total number of translations is
2164, of which 1289 are original translations and 875 are
reprintings. For those who wish to see the progress numerically
decade by decade I give the following table upon
which the chart at the opening of this section was based.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>II. The Translations</head>

<p>
I have no intention in the following paragraphs of discussing
the ideals or the criteria of a good translation;
for the making of an English version of a Greek original
presents problems little different from those of translation
from any language into English. At this time I merely
wish to call attention to the various kinds of Greek literature
which have been popular at different times during the
last four hundred and thirty years. The extant literature
of Greece lends itself in many respects better than other
literatures to a <emph>genre</emph> classification. I have taken for my
guidance the tabular survey at the close of Professor Jebb's
excellent <hi rend='italic'>Primer of Greek Literature</hi> and in grouping my
authors have used his headings and classifications. Of
the divisions which he presents in his table thirteen are
to be found in this bibliography. Many of these headings,
such as Philosophy, Drama, History, Fable, Oratory,
Geography, Biography, are self-explanatory. Under the
remaining divisions I have classed the following authors:
Bucolic Poetry contains only the work of Theocritus, Bion
and Moschus; Poetry contains all the other work in verse
except the epic; Romance embraces the work of Longus,
Heliodorus, and Apollonius Rhodius; Epic contains the
<pb n='xxv'/><anchor id='Pgxxv'/>
works of Homer and Hesiod; Belles Lettres, the work of
Theophrastus, Longinus, and Lucian; Learning and Science,
the work of Hippocrates, and others of similar nature.
</p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{2cm} p{1cm} p{1cm} p{1cm} p{1cm} p{1cm}';
   tblcolumns: 'lw(12) lw(9) lw(9) lw(9) lw(9) lw(9)'">
<row><cell>Date</cell><cell>New</cell><cell>Reprints</cell>
     <cell>Total for ten years</cell>
     <cell>Total for preceding fifty years</cell>
     <cell>Total for preceding hundred years</cell></row>
<row><cell>1481-1490</cell><cell>1</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>1</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1491-1500</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>1</cell><cell>1</cell><cell>2</cell><cell>2</cell></row>
<row><cell>1501-1510</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>0</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1511-1520</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>0</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1521-1530</cell><cell>4</cell><cell>0</cell><cell>4</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1531-1540</cell><cell>8</cell><cell>5</cell><cell>13</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1541-1550</cell><cell>6</cell><cell>3</cell><cell>9</cell><cell>26</cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1551-1560</cell><cell>5</cell><cell>4</cell><cell>9</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1561-1570</cell><cell>12</cell><cell>2</cell><cell>14</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1571-1580</cell><cell>11</cell><cell>6</cell><cell>17</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1581-1590</cell><cell>8</cell><cell>5</cell><cell>13</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1591-1600</cell><cell>14</cell><cell>6</cell><cell>20</cell><cell>73</cell><cell>99</cell></row>
<row><cell>1601-1610</cell><cell>7</cell><cell>7</cell><cell>14</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1611-1620</cell><cell>10</cell><cell>9</cell><cell>19</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1621-1630</cell><cell>9</cell><cell>3</cell><cell>12</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1631-1640</cell><cell>13</cell><cell>13</cell><cell>26</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1641-1650</cell><cell>7</cell><cell>2</cell><cell>9</cell><cell>80</cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1651-1660</cell><cell>12</cell><cell>5</cell><cell>17</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1661-1670</cell><cell>9</cell><cell>6</cell><cell>15</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1671-1680</cell><cell>11</cell><cell>10</cell><cell>21</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1681-1690</cell><cell>18</cell><cell>12</cell><cell>30</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1691-1700</cell><cell>16</cell><cell>15</cell><cell>31</cell><cell>114</cell><cell>194</cell></row>
<row><cell>1701-1710</cell><cell>17</cell><cell>19</cell><cell>36</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1711-1720</cell><cell>26</cell><cell>15</cell><cell>41</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1721-1730</cell><cell>14</cell><cell>19</cell><cell>33</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1731-1740</cell><cell>11</cell><cell>18</cell><cell>29</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1741-1750</cell><cell>23</cell><cell>19</cell><cell>42</cell><cell>181</cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1751-1760</cell><cell>23</cell><cell>19</cell><cell>42</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1761-1770</cell><cell>14</cell><cell>22</cell><cell>36</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1771-1780</cell><cell>29</cell><cell>24</cell><cell>53</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1781-1790</cell><cell>17</cell><cell>22</cell><cell>39</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1791-1800</cell><cell>25</cell><cell>14</cell><cell>39</cell><cell>209</cell><cell>390</cell></row>
<row><cell>1801-1810</cell><cell>28</cell><cell>49</cell><cell>77</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1811-1820</cell><cell>18</cell><cell>44</cell><cell>62</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1821-1830</cell><cell>55</cell><cell>32</cell><cell>87</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1831-1840</cell><cell>40</cell><cell>22</cell><cell>62</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1841-1850</cell><cell>59</cell><cell>19</cell><cell>78</cell><cell>366</cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1851-1860</cell><cell>41</cell><cell>16</cell><cell>57</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1861-1870</cell><cell>94</cell><cell>26</cell><cell>120</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1871-1880</cell><cell>101</cell><cell>55</cell><cell>156</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1881-1890</cell><cell>154</cell><cell>88</cell><cell>242</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1891-1900</cell><cell>142</cell><cell>98</cell><cell>240</cell><cell>815</cell><cell>1181</cell></row>
<row><cell>1901-1910</cell><cell>114</cell><cell>93</cell><cell>207</cell><cell></cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>1911-1917</cell><cell>63</cell><cell>28</cell><cell>91</cell><cell>298</cell><cell>298</cell></row>
<row><cell>Total</cell><cell>1289</cell><cell>875</cell><cell>2164</cell><cell>2164</cell><cell>2165</cell></row>
</table>

<p>
(For 1591-1600, the totals are for six years only.)
</p>

<p>
With this classification I have made a chronological
survey of the translations and summed up my results at
the century and half-century marks. These results are
embodied in the following table in which the translations
have been listed in order of importance from a numerical
point of view. Underneath each heading I have placed
the number of that type which were printed during the
preceding fifty years. Where two or more classes are
equal I have placed them within the same rectangle to
emphasize such equality. At the bottom of each column
I have indicated, where necessary, the classes which are
non-existent for each fifty years.
</p>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{1.4cm} p{1.4cm} p{1.4cm} p{1.4cm} p{1.4cm}';
   tblcolumns: 'lw(12) lw(12) lw(12) lw(12) lw(12)'">
<row><cell>1550</cell><cell>1600</cell><cell>1650</cell><cell>1700</cell><cell>1750</cell></row>
<row><cell>Phil. 16</cell><cell>Phil. 20</cell><cell>Hist. Fable 11</cell><cell>Phil. 34</cell>
     <cell>Phil. 44</cell></row>
<row><cell>Hist. 2 Geog. 2 Learn. 2</cell><cell>Orat. 9</cell><cell>Phil. 10 Epic 10</cell>
     <cell>Fable 26</cell><cell>Epic 31</cell></row>
<row><cell>Orat. 1 Fable 1</cell><cell>Rom. 8</cell><cell>Poetry 7</cell><cell>Epic 13</cell>
     <cell>Fable 27</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Fable 7</cell><cell>B. L. 5 Rom. 5</cell><cell>Hist. 11</cell>
     <cell>Hist. 15 B. L. 15</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Hist. 6</cell><cell>Orat. 4</cell><cell>Biog. 9</cell>
     <cell>Poetry 14</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Poetry 5</cell><cell>Biog. 3</cell><cell>B. L. 6</cell>
     <cell>Drama 12</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Epic 4 Drama 4</cell><cell>Drama 2</cell><cell>Poetry 5</cell>
     <cell>Biog. 7</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Biog. 3</cell><cell>Learn. 1</cell><cell>Bucol. 4</cell>
     <cell>Orat. 6</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Geog. 1 Learn 1 Bucol. 1 B. L. 1</cell><cell></cell>
     <cell>Learn. 3 Rom. 3</cell><cell>Bucol. 5</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell>Drama 2</cell>
     <cell>Rom. 4</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell></cell>
     <cell>Learn. 1</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell></cell><cell></cell>
     <cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>No Epic Poetry Drama Biog Bucol. B. L. Rom.</cell><cell></cell>
     <cell>No Geog. Bucol.</cell><cell>No Orat. Geog.</cell>
     <cell>No Geog.</cell></row>
</table>

<table rend="latexcolumns: 'p{1.75cm} p{1.75cm} p{1.75cm} p{1.75cm}';
   tblcolumns: 'lw(12) lw(12) lw(12) lw(12)'">
<row><cell>1800</cell><cell>1850</cell><cell>1900</cell><cell>1916</cell></row>
<row><cell>Phil. 48</cell><cell>Drama 115</cell>
     <cell>Drama 244</cell><cell>Drama 92</cell></row>
<row><cell>Poetry 45</cell><cell>Hist. 59</cell>
     <cell>Phil. 152</cell><cell>Phil. 84</cell></row>
<row><cell>Epic 37</cell><cell>Epic 52</cell><cell>Epic 141</cell>
     <cell>Epic 34</cell></row>
<row><cell>Drama 22</cell><cell>Poetry 51</cell>
     <cell>Hist. 90</cell><cell>Fable 21</cell></row>
<row><cell>Fable 16</cell><cell>Phil. 48</cell>
     <cell>Biog. 60</cell><cell>Hist. 20</cell></row>
<row><cell>Bucol. 14</cell><cell>Bucol. 27</cell>
     <cell>Poetry 39</cell><cell>Biog. 16</cell></row>
<row><cell>Orat. 12 B. L. 12</cell><cell>Orat. 13 B. L. 13</cell>
     <cell>Fable 33</cell><cell>Poetry 13</cell></row>
<row><cell>Biog. 10</cell><cell>Rom. 8</cell>
     <cell>Orat. 32</cell><cell>B. L. 9</cell></row>
<row><cell>Hist. 7</cell>
     <cell>Biog. 7</cell><cell>Bucol. 22</cell><cell>Bucol. 7</cell></row>
<row><cell>Rom. 6</cell><cell>Fable 6</cell>
     <cell>B. L. 19</cell><cell>Orat. 4 Rom. 4</cell></row>
<row><cell>Geog. 2</cell><cell>Geog. 2</cell>
     <cell>Geog. 7 Rom. 7</cell><cell>Learn. 2</cell></row>
<row><cell></cell><cell>Learn. 1</cell>
     <cell>Learn. 1</cell><cell></cell></row>
<row><cell>No Learn.</cell><cell></cell>
     <cell></cell><cell>No Geog.</cell></row>
</table>

<p>
(B. L. are Belles Lettres, Learn. is Learning and Science,
Biog. is Biography,  Orat. is Oratory,
Bucol. is Bucolic Poetry, Phil. is Philosophy,
Geog. is Geography, Poetry is Elegiac, Iambic, Lyric Poetry,
Hist. is History, Romance is Prose Romances.)
</p>

<p>
To a large extent the table speaks for itself, for the interests
and preferences of each generation are made self-evident;
nevertheless it may be worth while to sum up a
few of the outstanding facts. The Elizabethans translated
anything which appealed to them and in many cases added
to or at least embellished the translation as they saw
fit. Some of their translations were made from the French,
as Caxton's version of Aesop or North's version of Plutarch.
One has but to compare Marlowe and Chapman's <hi rend='italic'>Hero
and Leander</hi> with Musaeus to realize how little is Musaeus
and how much is Marlowe and Chapman. The Elizabethan
translators, moreover, were indiscriminate in their tastes,
largely because their stock of Greek learning was small
and consequently they had no perspective from which to
judge the comparative merits of the works which they
translated. <q>It was all Greek to them</q> and therefore
proper to be translated. They enjoyed and believed Artemidorus'
<hi rend='italic'>Dreams</hi> as much as they did any of the works
of Aristotle. Finally I wish to point out the high place
<pb n='xxvii'/><anchor id='Pgxxvii'/>
Romance holds in the fifty years before 1600. This adds
to the credibility of the theory of the influence of the Greek
Romance upon Elizabethan prose fiction. All things
considered, the translations of the Elizabethans are thoroughly
in accord with the temper of the times as exhibited
in their literature.
</p>

<p>
It is interesting to note that in the one hundred and fifty
years immediately following the Civil War Philosophy
is the chief interest. The neo-classicists, theoretically
at least, went back to the classics for their authority. Indeed
Aristotle's <hi rend='italic'>Poetics</hi> was considered absolute in all its
dicta. Fable and Epic with varying success contend for
second place in their interest. The moralized fable was
naturally popular with a generation which loved the
didactic; and the epic, as they often acknowledged, was
a model for their own poetry. The rise of Poetry, such as
Pindar's <hi rend='italic'>Odes</hi>, Anacreon's <hi rend='italic'>Odes</hi>, and Tyrtaeus' <hi rend='italic'>Elegies</hi>, is
to my mind an evidence of the change in opinion and attitude
toward literature which was gradually increasing
during the latter half of the eighteenth century and which
finally came to the foreground in the first part of the next
century. Pindar's <hi rend='italic'>Odes</hi> were placed directly in opposition
to those of Cowley's and the lyrics of Sappho were certainly
not in accord with the ideas of the neo-classicists. Whether
these translations were wholly correct or not, is aside from
the point. Men were becoming more interested in the
lyrical side of Greek literature, and this interest exhibited
a taste foreign to sententious didacticism; for none of that
is to be found in the Elegiac, Iambic, or Lyric Poetry of the
Greeks. Once again, then, the kind of translation which
the generations enjoyed was coincident with the prevailing
literary taste, and the rise of Poetry toward the close of these
one hundred and fifty years is at least evidence of a change
in public interest.
</p>

<pb n='xxviii'/><anchor id='Pgxxviii'/>

<p>
Perhaps catholicity of taste is the best phrase which may
be used to characterize the nineteenth century. Nothing
shows this better than the table of translations. The
Drama, Epic, History, Oratory, Philosophy, Biography,
Poetry and the more minor divisions were all translated with
an abundance which shows a steady demand on the part
of the reading public. The Drama now assumed its place
as one of the important elements of Greek literature and
possibly because it was a new found treasure, for the texts
of the dramatists were not edited until the middle of the
eighteenth century, was a little overemphasized. However,
as was pointed out in the latter part of the previous section,
the aim of Bohn's <hi rend='italic'>Classical Library</hi> was the aim of the reading
public, i.e., a complete survey of Greek literature in
English. The nineteenth century, moreover, in addition
to translating practically all Greek literature, insisted
upon a certain amount of literalness in the translation.
It was to be the endeavor of the translator to present his
author to the public without any change or adaptation on
his part in bridging the gap between the two languages.
Just what the word literal meant and of how much consequence
it was during the century can be readily ascertained
by reading Matthew Arnold's lectures <hi rend='italic'>On Translating
Homer</hi> and Newman's <hi rend='italic'>Reply</hi>.
</p>

<p>
Whether the twentieth century will carry on the width
of interest of the nineteenth is hard to say. Until the
war broke out the present century bid fair to equal its
predecessor. With the coming of the war, however, translation
from the Greek has been forced into the background
and how long it will remain there, is, at this time, a matter
of conjecture.
</p>

<p>
If this table has done no more, it has at least furnished
an interesting thermometer of public taste through the
centuries that are past. In all generations where the public
<pb n='xxix'/><anchor id='Pgxxix'/>
has had the opportunity of choosing what it would have from
Greek literature, the choice has been along lines very similar
in taste to the prevailing literary interest. What lies in the
future is hard to say, for practically everything of importance
has been translated. Probably we shall see repeated
what we are witnessing to-day: the retranslation of Greek
literature for each succeeding generation into terms of its
own conception. Bohn's <hi rend='italic'>Classical Library</hi> is now in the
process of being replaced by the <hi rend='italic'>Loeb Classical Library</hi>
and I dare say sixty years hence some other <q>library</q>
will replace this one. Greek literature is no longer a hidden
pearl, and, although the interest in the language may vary
with the generations, the people of England and America
have evidently found in it a worth which they desire to
keep. If they had not, the following list of translations
would never have been possible.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='001'/><anchor id='Pg001'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>A Bibliographical Survey Of English And American Translations</head>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Note.</hi>&mdash;In all cases where no place of publication is mentioned
London is to be understood.
</p>

<div>
<head>Achilles Tatius</head>

<p>
1. The most delectable and pleasant historye of Clitophon and
Leucippe, written in Greeke, by Achilles Stacius an Alexandrian
and nowe newlie translated into Englishe by W. B[urton].
[1597?] 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Loves of Clitophon and Leucippe. A most elegant
History, written in Greek by Achilles Tatius. And now Englished
[by Anthony Hodges]. Oxford. 1638. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The loves of Clitophon and Leucippe ... translated from
the Greek, with notes, by ... R. Smith. 1848. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
4. Achilles Tatius. With an English translation by S. Gasalee.
1917. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint</hi>: [<hi rend='italic'>Loeb</hi>] <hi rend='italic'>New York, 1917</hi>.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aelian (Claudius Aelianus)</head>

<p>
1. A Registre of Hystories, containing Martiall exploites of
worthy warriours, Politique practises of Ciuil Magistrates, wise
Sentences of famous Philosophers, and other matters manifolde
and memorable. Written in Greeke, by Aelianus a Romane:
and deliuered in Englishe (as well, according to the truth of the
greeke text, as of the Latine) by Abraham Fleming. 1576. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Aelianus Claudius; his Various History. Translated by
Thomas Stanley. 1665. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1670; 1677.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='002'/><anchor id='Pg002'/>

<div>
<head>Aeneas The Tactician</head>

<p>
1. The Tactics of Aelian Or art of embattailing an army after
y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Grecian manner Englished &amp; illustrated w<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>th</hi> figures throughout:
&amp; notes vpon y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Chapters of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> ordinary notions of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Phalange
by I. B[ingham]. The exercise military of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> English by
y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> order of that great Generall Maurice of Nassau Prince of Orange
&amp; Gouernor &amp; Generall of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> vnited Prouinces is added. [1616]
Fol.
</p>

<p>
2. The Art of Embattailing an Army. Or The Second Part
of Aeslians Tacticks. With notes upon every chapter. By
Capt. Iohn Bingham. 1629. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1631.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aeschines The Orator</head>

<p>
1. The orations of Aeschines against Ctesiphon, and Demosthenes
de Corona. Translated from the original Greek, illustrated
with notes, ... by A. Portal. Oxford. 1755. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. A literal translation of the Oration of Aeschines against
Ctesiphon. D. Spillan. Dublin. 1823. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The speech of Aeschines against Ctesiphon. Literally
translated from the Oxford text, and explained in short ... notes
... by a First Class Man of Balliol College. Oxford. 1872. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aeschylus</head>

<p>
1. The tragedies of Aeschylus translated [into English verse,
with notes] by R. Potter. Norwich. 1777. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1779; Oxford, 1808; Weybridge, 1809; 1812; [Selections,
British Poets.] 1819; 1881; [With an essay on Grecian Drama
and a biography of A. by J. S. Harford.] 1833; [Introduction,
Henry Morley] 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1872-76; New York, 1820-52.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The seven tragedies of Aeschylus literally translated into
English prose.... [Anon.] Oxford. 1822. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Aeschyli Prometheus Vinctus, Graece, with literal translation....
[Anon.] 1822. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='003'/><anchor id='Pg003'/>

<p>
4. Aeschylus' Prometheus Chained. Translated by T. W. C.
Edwards. 1823. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New Haven, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Agamemnon. Translated by H. S. Boyd. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. A translation of the Agamemnon of Aeschylus. J. Symons.
1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Aeschylus' Persae. Translated by W. Palin. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The tragedies of Aeschylus literally translated into English
prose ... with notes. [Anon.] Oxford. 1827. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. The Persians. Translated on a new plan ... with notes
... by W. Palin. 1829. [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
10. The Agamemnon of Aeschylus. Translated ... illustrated
by dissertation on Grecian tragedy ... by J. S. Harford. 1831.
</p>

<p>
11. Aeschylus' Agamemnon translated into English verse.
By Thomas Medwin. 1832. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Aeschylus' Prometheus Bound; a tragedy. Translated
into English verse by Thomas Medwin. 1832. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Aeschylus' Prometheus Bound. Translated by Elizabeth
Barrett [Browning]. 1833. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With other poems] 1896.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Aeschylus' Prometheus and Sophocles' Electra. Translated
by G. C. Fox. 1835. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Agamemnon and Prometheus Bound. Translated by
G. C. Fox. 1839. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Tragedies. [Anon.] 1842.
</p>

<p>
17. Prometheus Bound. Translated by Pembroke. 1844.
</p>

<p>
18. Agamemnon. Translation by Sewell. 1846.
</p>

<p>
19. Prometheus Bound. Translation by G. S. Swayne. Oxford.
1846. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. The dramas of Aeschylus. Translated by Anna Swanwick.
1848. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1873; 1881; 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1890 [Bohn]</hi>
</p>

<pb n='004'/><anchor id='Pg004'/>

<p>
21. Tragedies. Translated by T. A. Buckley. 1849. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1856; New York, 1872-76
[Bohn]; New York, 1888 [Bohn].</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Agamemnon. Translated by H. W. Herbert. 1849.
</p>

<p>
23. Lyrical dramas of Aeschylus; translation by J. S. Blackie.
With a life of Aeschylus. 2 vol. 1850.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Everyman] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Prometheus Vinctus. Translation by C. C. Clifford.
[In verse] Oxford. 1852.
</p>

<p>
25. Aeschylus' Agamemnon translated by William John
Blew. 1855.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1865.</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Persae. Translation by M. Wood. 1855. [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
27. The Prometheus and Suppliants of Aeschylus construed
literally word for word. By the Rev. Dr. [J. A.] Giles. Vol. 1.
1856. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
28. Eumenides. Translated by G. C. Swayne. 1856. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Tragedies. Translated by Dr. [J. A.] Giles. Vol. 1.
1860. [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
30. Works. Translated by F. A. Paley. [In prose] Cambridge.
1864.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1871.</hi>
</p>

<p>
31. Agamemnon of Aeschylus and Bacchanals of Euripides;
with passages from the lyric and later poets of Greece, translated
by H. H. Milman, etc. 1865. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. The Agamemnon, Choephori, and Eumenides of Aeschylus,
translated into English verse, by Anna Swanwick. 1865. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Agamemnon only] 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Prometheus Vinctus, translated by Augusta Webster.
Edit. by Thomas Webster. [In verse] 1866.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1866.</hi>
</p>

<p>
34. The Prometheus Bound of Aeschylus. Translated into
the original metres by C. B. Cayley, etc. 1867. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Agamemnon, translated by J. F. Davies. 1868.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1874.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='005'/><anchor id='Pg005'/>

<p>
36. Orestes, translated by C. N. Dalton. 1869. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Tragedies. Translated by E. H. Plumptre. 2 vol. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With biographical essay] 1873, 1890; 2 vol., 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 2 vol., 1869; New York, 1873;
New York, 1882.</hi>
</p>

<p>
38. Prometheus, translated by E. Lang. 1870. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Prometheus Vinctus, translated by J. Perkins. Cambridge.
1871.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1878.</hi>
</p>

<p>
40. Plays: translated by R. S. Copleston. 1871. [Ancient
Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Philadelphia, 1871.</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Persae. Translated by William Gurney. [In verse]
Cambridge. 1873.
</p>

<p>
42. The Persians. A popular version from the Greek ... by
J. Staunton. With photographs of Flaxman's designs. Warwick.
1873. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
43. Agamemnon. Translation by Robert Browning. 1877.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [In collected works] 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
44. Agamemnon. Translation by A. D. A. Morshead. [In
verse] 1877. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. Septem contra Thebas. Translated by William Gurney.
Cambridge. 1878. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
46. The Seven Against Thebes. Translated with notes by
J. Davies. 1878.
</p>

<p>
47. Agamemnon. Translated by Brown Hall Kennedy. [In
verse] Cambridge. 1878.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Dublin, 1882.</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Agamemnon. Translated by Henry Howard Molyneux,
Earl of Carnavon. 1879. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
49. Prometheus Vinctus. Translated by James Davies. 1879.
</p>

<p>
50. Agamemnon. Translated by a Balliol Man. [In prose]
Oxford. 1880. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
51. Agamemnon. Translated by F. A. Paley. 1880.
</p>

<pb n='006'/><anchor id='Pg006'/>

<p>
52. Seven Chiefs Against Thebes. Translated by R. Mongan.
1880.
</p>

<p>
53. The House of Atreus, being the Agamemnon, Libation-Bearers
and Furies of Aeschylus. Translated into English verse
by E. D. A. Morshead. 1881.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1890; [Golden Treasury Series] 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Golden Treasury Series] New York, 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
54. Scenes from Aeschylus translated into English verse by
Lewis Campbell, selected and arranged for the modern stage by
F. Jenkin. Edinburgh. 1880.
</p>

<p>
55. Agamemnon. Translated by Arthur Sidgwick. Oxford.
1881.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
56. The Suppliant Maidens of Aeschylus. Translated into
English verse by E. D. A. Morshead. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
57. Persae. Literally translated by T. Meyer-Warlow. 1886.
</p>

<p>
58. Αἰσχύλου Ἑπτα ἐπὶ Θήβας. The Seven Against Thebes of
Aeschylus edited with an introduction, commentary and translation
by Arthur Woolgar Verrall. 1887.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Agamemnon. Translated by a Gold Medallist in Classics.
1888. [Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
60. Agamemnon; introduction, commentary and translation
by A. W. Verrall. 1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
61. Supplices; revised text, notes, commentary, introduction,
and translation by T. G. Tucker. 1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
62. Agamemnon, Choephoroe and Eumenides. Translated
into English verse by John D. Cooper. Wolverhampton and
London. 1890.
</p>

<p>
63. Prometheus Vinctus. Translated by Herbert Hailstone.
Cambridge. 1892.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Cambridge, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='007'/><anchor id='Pg007'/>

<p>
64. Choephoroi; introduction, commentary and translation
by A. W. Verrall. 1893. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
65. Orestia. Translated into English prose by Lewis Campbell.
1893.
</p>

<p>
66. The Persians of Aeschylus. Translated into English prose
by Samuel E. Crooke. Cambridge. 1893.
</p>

<p>
67. Eumenides. [Anon.] 1894.
</p>

<p>
68. Prometheus Bound. Translated into English verse by
E. A. D. Morshead. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. Septem Contra Thebas. Translated by F. G. Plaistowe.
1899.
</p>

<p>
70. Agamemnon. Translated by the Upper Sixth Form
Boys of Bradfield College. [Gk.-Eng.] 1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. Eumenides. Translated with notes, ... by F. G. Plaistowe.
1900. [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
72. Oresteia. Translated and explained by George C. Warr.
1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
73. Prometheus Vinctus. Edited by F. G. Plaistowe and
T. R. Mills. Introduction, text and notes. Translation. 1900.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
74. Septem Contra Thebas. Edited by F. G. Plaistowe.
Introduction, notes, text. Translation. 1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
75. Choephori. Edited with notes. Translated ... by T. G.
Tucker. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
76. Eumenides. Introduction, text, notes, translation....
[Anon.] 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
77. Prometheus Bound. Rendered into English verse by
E. R. Brown. 1902. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
78. Prometheus Vinctus. Translated by E. S. Bouchier.
1903. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='008'/><anchor id='Pg008'/>

<p>
79. Agamemnon. Translated by Walter Headlam. 1904.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [In verse]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With notes] Cambridge, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1904; New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
80. Agamemnon. Translated into English verse by E. Thring.
1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
81. Choephoroi. Translated by Walter Headlam. 1905. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
82. Prometheus Bound. Edit. with introduction, translation,
notes by Janet Case. 1905. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Temple Dramatists]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Temple Dramatists] New York, 1905</hi>.
</p>

<p>
83. The Eumenides of Aeschylus as arranged for performance
at Cambridge, December, 1885, and November-December, 1906,
with an English version by Arthur Woolgar Verrall. Cambridge.
1906.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With introduction, commentary, etc.] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
84. The Seven Plays in English verse. By Lewis Campbell.
1906. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [World's Classics].
</p>

<p>
85. Agamemnon. Translated by John Conington. Introduction
and notes by J. Churton Collins. 1907. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
86. Agamemnon. Rendered into English verse by W. R.
Paton. 1907. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
87. Prometheus Bound. Translated by Robert Whitelaw.
Introduction and notes by J. Churton Collins. 1907. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
88. Aeschylus in English verse. In three parts. [Anon.]
1906-08. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
89. Eumenides. Translated by Walter Headlam. 1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
90. Prometheus Bound. Translated by Walter Headlam.
1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
91. The Seven Against Thebes. With introduction, critical
notes, commentary, translation, etc., by T. G. Tucker. Cambridge.
1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='009'/><anchor id='Pg009'/>

<p>
92. The Suppliant Maidens, The Persians, The Seven Against
Thebes, Prometheus Bound. 1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Golden Treasury Series]
</p>

<p>
93. The Persians. Translated by C. E. S. Headlam. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
94. Agamemnon. Translated by the Sixth Form Boys of
Bradfield College. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
95. Agamemnon. Freely translated by A. Pratt. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
96. Seven Against Thebes. Rendered into English verse by
Edwyn Bevan. Leeds. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Prometheus and Agamemnon of Aeschylus. Translated
into English verse by H. W. Herbert. Cambridge. 1849. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Agamemnon of Aeschylus. Translated by William Peter.
Philadelphia. 1852. 24<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Prometheus of Aeschylus, literally translated. Athens,
Ga. 1852-55.
</p>

<p>
4. Aeschylus's Prometheus Bound, and fragments of Prometheus
Unbound; with introduction and notes by N. Wecklein;
translation by F. D. Allen. New York. 1891. [College Series
of Greek Authors]
</p>

<p>
5. Aeschylus' Prometheus Vinctus; translated with an introduction
by Paul E. More. Boston. 1899.
</p>

<p>
6. Aeschylus' Agamemnon: text and translation. Boston.
1906. [Translation by W. Watson Goodwin]
</p>

<p>
7. The Prometheus Bound of Aeschylus; translated by Marion
Clyde Weir. New York. 1916. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aesop</head>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Note</hi>.&mdash;In the following list of translations of Aesop's Fables I have
 tried to avoid including those which were intended for young children
 when such works were obviously not translations of any original text.
 I have not attempted, however, to make any distinctions in regard to
 what is Aesop and what is not.
</p>

<p>
1. Here begynneth the book of the historyes and Fables of Esope
whiche were translated out of Frennshe in to Englysshe by wylliam
Caxton at westmynstre In the yere of oure Lorde. M.cccc. lxxxiij.
<pb n='010'/><anchor id='Pg010'/>
Colophon: And here with I fynysshe this book translated by
me William Caxton at westmynstre in thabbey and fynysshed
the xxvi daye of Marche the yere of oure Lord Mcccc. xxxiiij And
the fyrst yere of regne of kyng Rychard the thyrdde. Fol. BL.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1500?]; n. d.; n. d.; c. 1550; 1551; [c. 156-?];
n. d.; [1570?]; [1590?]; 1634; n. d.; 1647; 1658; with those
of Avian, Alfonso and Poggio, edit. by Joseph Jacobs, 1889, [Bibliothèque
de Carabas Series.]</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Morall Fabillis of Esope the Phrygian, Compylit in
Eloquent, and Ornate Scottis Meter, be Maister Robert Henrisone
Scholemaister of Dunfermeling. Edinburgh. 1570. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: London, 1577; Licensed to Robert Smyth, Edinburgh
in 1599; Edinburgh, 1621.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. AEsopz Fablz in tru Ortography with Grammar-nótz.
Hervntoo ar also iooined the short sentenèz of the wyz Cato imprinted
with lýk form and order: bóth of which Autorz ar tránslated
out of Latin intoo English By William Bullokar 1585. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
4. The Etymologist of Aesops Fables, Containing The construing
of His Latin fables into English: Also the Etymologist of
Phaedrus fables, containing the construing of Phaedrus (a new
foundyst auncient Author) into English, verbatim. Both are
very necessarye helps for young schollers. Compiled by Simon
Sturtevant. 1602. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Esopi fabulae. Translated by John Bringsley [i.e. Brinsley?]
Licensed to Master Man and Jonas Man, September 7, 1617.
</p>

<p>
6. Aesops Fables in English verse by G. D. Licensed to James
Boler and Henry Gosson. November 30, 1630.
</p>

<p>
7. Aesop, the Fabulist metamorphosed and mythologyzed,
or the Fables of Esop translated out of Latine into English Verse,
by R. A. gentleman. 1634. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Licensed to Thomas Walkeley, January 28, 1638: Esops
fables translated out of Latyn into English. The fables in prose
and the Morall in verse with Pictures by H[enry] P[eacham]
M. of A.
</p>

<pb n='011'/><anchor id='Pg011'/>

<p>
9. The Fables of Aesop; With his whole life: Translated into
English Verse, and Moralliz'd. As also Emblematically Illustrated
with Pictures. By W. B[arret]. 1639. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Fables. Translated from the Latin. [Anon.] 1646. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1704; 1740; 1754; [edit. by Goldsmith] 1757;
1787; [illustrated by Bennett] 1857.</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Phrygian Fabulist; or the Fables of Aesop extracted
from the Latine Copies and moralized. By Leon Willan. 1650. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Fables, paraphrased in verse, by John Ogilby. 1651. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1665; 1668; 1673; 1674; 1675; [edit. by W. D.]
1698; [corrected by W. D.] 1721; 1741.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Fables, with their Moralls, in prose and verse, grammatically
translated. Illustrated. 1651. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1670; 1673; 1696.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Fables. Translated by Thomas Philipot. 1665. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1666; 1687.</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Fables with his life [by Maximus Planudes]: in English,
French and Latin. The English [Version of his Life] by T. Philipott,
the French and Latin by R. Codrington. [The English
version of the Fables in verse by Mrs. Aphara Behn.] 1666.
Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1687; 1703.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Aesop improved; or above three hundred and fifty Fables,
mostly Aesop's; with their morals paraphrased in English verse.
[Anon.] 1672. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Fables in English, illustrated with 119 Sculptures by
Francis Barlow. 1672. Fol.
</p>

<p>
18. The Fables of Aesop in English; with all his life and Fortune ...
[Anon.] 1676. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1700.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Mythologica Ethica, or Three Centuries of Aesopian
Fables in English prose; done from Aesop, Phaedrus, Cammerarius,
and all Ancient Authors on this subject: illustrated with Moral,
Philosophical, and Political precepts.... By Philip Ayres.
1690. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='012'/><anchor id='Pg012'/>

<p>
20. The Fables of Aesop, and other eminent mythologists;
with Morals and Reflections, by Sir Roger L'Estrange, Kt. First
Part, 1691; Second Part, 1692. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1694; 1699; 2 vol., 1703; 1704; 2 vol., 1708; 2 vol.,
1714; 2 vol., 1715; 2 vol., 1724; 2 vol., 1738; 1879; 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1853; New York, 1880; [G. T.
Townsend and L. Valentine (Chandos Classics)] New York, 1893;
New York, 1899; [introduction by Kenneth Grahame] New York,
1903; [introduction by Kenneth Grahame edit. by J. W. McSpade]
New York, 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Fables in Prose and Verse. The Second Part. Collected
from Aesop and other ancient and Modern Authors, with Pictures
and proper Morals to every Fable. Several of them very
applicable to the present Times. By R. B. 1695.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1696.</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Esop's Fables, English and Latin, by Charles Hoole.
Licensed, April 29, 1695.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1700; 1731.</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. The Fables of Esop the Phrygian. Illustrated with morall
and philosophicall and politicall discourses. By J. Bandion.
Made English from the French. Licensed to Tho. Leigh and
Danll Midwinter, January 13, 1701-02.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1704.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Fables. Edited by John Locke. [Gk.-Eng.] 1703. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1723.</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. Two hundred and fifty select fables of Aesop and others.
By E. Arwaker [the Younger]. 1708. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Fables. Translated by John Jackson. 1708. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1715; 1734.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. The Fables of Aesop and others. Translated by Samuel
Croxall. 1722. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1724; 1728; 1731; 1737; 1746; 1747; 1770; 1778;
1786; 1788; 1789; 1860; 1864; 1868; [edit. Townsend] 1874;
1875; 1879.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1777; New York, 1853;
Boston, 1864; Philadelphia, 1869; New York, 1880; [G. T. Townsend
and L. Valentine (Chandos Classics)] New York, 1893.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='013'/><anchor id='Pg013'/>

<p>
28. Fables. Translated by Charles Draper. 1760. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Select Fables of Aesop and other Fabulists. In three
books. [Collected, and partly translated, partly written, by
R. Dodsley.] (The Life of Esop collected from Ancient Writers
by Mons. de Meziriac. Translated into English with notes. An
essay on Fable [by R. Dodsley].) Birmingham. 1761. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Birmingham, 1764; 1765; 1784; 1786; 1797; 1814;
1878.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1777; Philadelphia, 1790;
Philadelphia, 1792.</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Fables. Translated by Mr. Clarke. 1774. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
31. Fables, new versified from the last English editions, in
three parts, by H. Steers, Gent. 1804. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Fifty Fables. Translated into English verse by Liardet.
1806. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Fables; a new version, chiefly from original sources. By
Rev. Thomas James. 1848. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Illustrated by Tenniel] 1851; 1858; 1873; 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1865; Philadelphia, 1872-76;
Boston, 1884; [Versified by T. W. Chesebrough] Syracuse, 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
34. Fables. Designs on Wood by Thomas Bewick. 1850. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1871; 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Fables. Translated by Edward Garrett. 1867.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1872.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Fables. Translated by G. Fyler Townsend. 1867.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1873; 1877; 1880; 1902; 1904; 1906; 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1876-80; New York, 1880;
[Introduction by Elizabeth L. Cary] New York, 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Fables. Illustrated by Harrison Weir. 1868. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1903; 1908; 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1868; New York, 1871;
New York, 1874.</hi>
</p>

<p>
38. Fables.... With the text based chiefly upon Croxall, La
Fontaine, and L'Estrange. Revised and rewritten by J. B. Rundell.
1869. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1874; 1887.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='014'/><anchor id='Pg014'/>

<p>
39. Fables. With illustrations, etc. 1882. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Routledge's
Sixpenny Series]
</p>

<p>
40. Some of Aesop's Fables with modern instances shewn in
designs by Randolphe Caldecott; from new translations by Alfred
Caldecott; engravings by J. D. Cooper. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1883.</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Selected Fables in verse, by G. H. Armitstead. 1889.
</p>

<p>
42. Favorite Fables. 1890.
</p>

<p>
43. Fables; selected and told anew and their history traced
by Joseph Jacobs. 1894.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1894; 1917; 1917.</hi>
</p>

<p>
44. Fables. Illustrated by Charles Robinson. 1895.
</p>

<p>
45. Fables. 1898. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
46. Fables in verse. By E. Eyears. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
47. Fables. Illustrated by Maud U. Clarke. 1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Fables. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Arbour Library]
</p>

<p>
49. Fables. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> Illustrated by Percy Billinghurst.
</p>

<p>
50. Fables. 1908. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> Decorations by L. F. Perkins.
</p>

<p>
51. Fables. 1912. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> Illustrated by E. J. Detmold.
</p>

<p>
52. Fables. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> Illustrated by Charles Folkard.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
53. Fables. 1912. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> Illustrated by Edwin Noble.
</p>

<p>
54. Fables: a new translation by V. S. Vernon Jones. With
introduction by G. K. Chesterton. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
55. Fables from Aesop. 1913. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
56. Fables. An anthology of the fabulists of all countries.
1913. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Everyman]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
57. Fables. With Proverbs and Applications. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Prize Series]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Prize Series.] New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='015'/><anchor id='Pg015'/>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Note</hi>.&mdash;Doubtless many of the translations of Aesop which are
listed here are reprints of English translations or of other American
ones; but there is no way of ascertaining these facts because of the
meagerness of the American booklists.
</p>

<p>
1. Aesop's Fables in verse, with the conversation of beasts
and birds, at their several meetings. By Woglog the great giant.
New York. 1762.
</p>

<p>
2. The Fable of Aesop, with his life, to which are added morals
and remarks, accommodated to the youngest capacities. By
Robert Burton. Philadelphia. 1777.
</p>

<p>
3. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1820-52. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Aesop's Fables. Philadelphia. 1820-52. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Aesop's Fables. [No place] 1820-52. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Aesop's Fables. Philadelphia. 1852-55. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Aesop's Fables. Philadelphia. 1852-55. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Aesop in Rhyme; a new Version of Aesop's Fables. Philadelphia.
1852-55. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Fables of Aesop, with Life of the Author. New York.
1862. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Aesop's Fables. Illustrated by H. W. Herrick. Boston.
1865. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1866. [People's Edition]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: New York, 1880.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Fables of Aesop. Illustrated by H. L. Stephens. New
York. 1867.
</p>

<p>
13. Aesop's Fables. Philadelphia. 1872-76. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1872-76. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1872-76. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Aesop's Fables. Cincinnati. 1872-76. 32<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Aesop's Fables. Illustrated by E. Griset. New York.
1872-76. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1896. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Illustrated Library
of Famous Books]
</p>

<pb n='016'/><anchor id='Pg016'/>

<p>
19. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1905. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1910. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Aesop's Fables. New York. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Aesop's Fables; with an introduction by Elizabeth L.
Cary. New York. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Aesop's Fables; a version for young readers by J. H.
Stickney. Boston. 1915.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Alcaeus</head>

<p>
1. The Songs. Memoir and text, with literal and verse translation
and notes by J. S. Easby-Smith. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Washington, 1901.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Alciphron</head>

<p>
1. Alciphron's Epistles, now first translated from the Greek.
[With annotations by T. Monro and W. Beloe] 1791. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Anacreon</head>

<p>
1. Odes. Done into English out of the original Greek by
Wood, Cowley, Oldham and Willis. Oxford. 1683. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Cup. Translated by John Oldham [in his poems].
1683. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Odes of Anacreon, Bion and Moschus. Translated by
Thomas Stanley, with notes. 1683. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1815; 1893; [privately printed] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1892; [Edit. A. H. Bullen]
New York, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Anacreon and Sappho. Translated by Addison. 1735.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
5. Ode III. Translated by J. Hughes [in his Works]. 1739.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Pastorals, Epistles, Odes, and other original poems, with
translations from Pindar, Anacreon, and Sappho. By Ambrose
Philips. 1748. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1765; [Johnson's Poets] 1779-81.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='017'/><anchor id='Pg017'/>

<p>
7. The works of Anacreon, Sappho, Bion, Moschus, and
Musaeus. Translated into English by a Gentleman of Cambridge
[F. Fawkes]. 1760. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1789; [Anderson's Poets of Great Britain] 1792-94;
[Chalmer's English Poets] 1810; [Works of the Greek and Roman
Poets] 1813; [Bion only, published with Hesiod translated by
C. A. Elton] 1832.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Antique gems from the Greek and Latin]
Philadelphia, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Selections. Translated by Rev. W. Cooke in Poetical
Essays on Several Occasions. 1776.
</p>

<p>
9. Odes. Translated from the Greek by D. H. Urquhart.
1787. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Αἱ το Ἀνακρεοντος ᾠδαι literally translated into English
prose. [Gk.-Eng.] York. 1796. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Odes of Anacreon. Translated into English verse,
with notes by Thomas Moore. 1800. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1802; Dublin, 1803; 2 vol., 1804; 2 vol., 1806; 2
vol., 1815; 2 vol., 1820; 1869; 1870; 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1804; New York, 1870;
[Antique Gems from the Greek and Latin] Philadelphia, 1902; New
York, 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Select Odes [translated in verse] with critical annotations.
To which are added translations and imitations of other ancient
authors. By H. Younge. 1802.
</p>

<p>
13. The Odes translated into English verse by Thomas Girdlestone.
Yarmouth. 1803. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1804; 1809.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. The Odes. Literally translated by Thomas Gilpin. 1806.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Anacreon. Translated by Lord Thurlow. 1822. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. The Odes of Anacreon of Teos. Translated by William
Richardson. Oxford. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. The Odes of Anacreon. Translated by Thomas Orger.
1825. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='018'/><anchor id='Pg018'/>

<p>
18. The First Twenty-Eight Odes in Greek and English. By
J. B. Roche. 1827. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Works. Translated by T. Bourne. 1830. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Antique Gems from the Greek and Latin]
Philadelphia, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Odes with an English translation. By T. W. C. Edwards.
1830. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Odes. [Translated by] J. Usher. 1833. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. The Odes of Anacreon rendered into English metre, with
notes and parallel passages. By F. J. Manning. 1869. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Anacreon in English, attempted in the metres of the original.
By T. J. Arnold. 1869. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Anacreon. Odes; translated by S. C. Irving. Evanston,
Ill. 1902.
</p>

<p>
2. The Anacreontea; translated by Judson France Davidson.
New York. 1915. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Anthology</head>

<p>
1. Out of Greek Epigrammes [Sixty-one Translations]. In
Timothy Kendall's Flowers of Epigrammes. 1577. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Translations, chiefly from the Greek Anthology; with
Tales and Miscellaneous Poems. [By R. Bland and J. H. Merivale]
1806. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Greek Anthology, ... Literally translated into English
prose, chiefly by G. Burges. To which are added metrical
versions by Bland, Merivale, etc. 1848. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Boston, Philadelphia, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Epitaphs from the Greek Anthology by R. G. McGregor.
1857. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1864].</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Idylls and Epigrams chiefly from the Greek Anthology.
By Edward Garnett. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1871.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='019'/><anchor id='Pg019'/>

<p>
6. Greek Anthology. Translated by Lord Neaves. 1874.
[Ancient Classics]
</p>

<p>
7. Selections from the Greek Anthology. Translated by
Richard Garnett, Andrew Lang, and others. Edit. by Graham
R. Tomson [i. e., Mrs. Marriott Watson]. 1889.
</p>

<p>
8. A chaplet from the Greek Anthology by Richard Garnett.
1892.
</p>

<p>
9. Select Epigrams from the Greek Anthology, edited with
translations and notes. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Translations only] 1907; [Translations only] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. The Greek Anthology. English translation by W. R.
Paton. 1916. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb Classical Library.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1916. 5 vol. vol. 1.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Apollonius Of Rhodes</head>

<p>
1. The story of Talus, from the fourth book of Apollonius
Rhodius; and the loves of Jason and Medea, from the second
book. By W. Broome, LL.D. [In his Poems.] 1750. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The loves of Medea and Jason, a poem in three books.
Translated from the Greek of Apollonius Rhodius, by J. Elkins.
1771. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1772; [In Elkins' Poems] 1810.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Argonautic Expedition. Translated from Greek into
English verse, with notes [by E. B. Greene]. 2 vol. 1780. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Works. Translated by F. Fawkes. [Anderson's Poets of
Great Britain. Vol. 13] 1792-94. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [In Chalmer's English Poets] 1810.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Argonautics. Translated ... by W. Preston. 3 vol.
Dublin. 1803. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 4 vol., 1811; [In Works of the Greek and Roman
Poets] 1813; [In British Poets] 1822.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Argonautica. Translated into English prose by Edward
P. Coleridge. 1889.
</p>

<p>
7. The Argonautica. With an English translation by R. C.
Seaton. [Gk.-Eng.] 1912. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='020'/><anchor id='Pg020'/>

<div>
<head>Appian</head>

<p>
1. An auncient Historie and exquisite Chronicle of the Romanes
warres both Ciuile and Foren. Written in Greeke by the
noble Orator and Historiographer, Appian of Alexandria, one of
the learned Counsell to the most mightie Emperoures, Traiane
and Adriane. [In two parts: Part Two, Translation by W. B.]
1578. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. The History of Appian, of Alexandria. In Two Parts.
The First consisting of the Punick, Syrian, Parthian, Mithridatick,
Illyrian, Spanish, and Hannibalick, Wars. The Second containing
Five Books of the Civil Wars of Rome. Englished by J. D.
[John Davies] 1678. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1679; 1692; 1703.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Appian's Civil Wars, Book I. Translated by Edward F.
M. Benecke. Oxford. 1894.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Oxford, 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Appian's Roman History. Vol. I. with an English translation
by Horace White. 1912. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1913, vol. 1.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Appian's Roman History, Vols. II, III, IV, with an English
translation by Horace White. 1913. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1913, Vols. II, III.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aratus Of Soli</head>

<p>
1. Phenomena and Diosemeia. Translated by Dr. Lamb.
1848.
</p>

<p>
2. The Skies and Weather. Forecasts of Aratus. Translated
by Edward Poste. 1880.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aristarchus Of Samos</head>

<p>
1. Aristarchus of Samos, the ancient Copernicus: a history
of Greek astronomy to Aristarchus, together with Aristarchus'
treatise on the sizes and distances of the moon. A new Greek
translation and notes by Sir Thomas Heath. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='021'/><anchor id='Pg021'/>

<div>
<head>Aristophanes</head>

<p>
1. Hey for Honesty; down with Knavery. [Contains a translation
from the Plutus] [Thomas Randolph?] 1651. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Plutus. Translated by H. B. 1659. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Clouds. Translated by Thomas Stanley. [In his History
of Philosophy] 1708. Fol.
</p>

<p>
4. Clouds. A comedy. Translated from the Greek by Mr.
Theobald. 1715. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Plutus; or the World's idol; a comedy. Translated from
the Greek of Aristophanes by Mr. Theobald. 1715. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Plutus, the God of riches: a comedy. Translated with
notes ... by Henry Fielding and Dr. Young. 1742. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
7. Clouds, a comedy. Translated [by J. White] with a principal
scholia.... 1759. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Frogs, a comedy. Translated by C. Dunster. Oxford.
[1780?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. The Clouds. Translated with notes. By R. Cumberland.
1797. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1798.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Comedies. [Clouds by Cumberland; Plutus by Fielding
and Young; Frogs by Dunster; Clouds by A Fellow of Trinity
College, Cambridge.] 1812. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Acharnians, Knights, and Birds. Translated by J. H.
Frere. 1816.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: with Sophocles and Euripides. 1894. [World's
Classics] 1907; [New Universal Library] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1908; [Everyman] New York,
1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Acharnians, Knights, Clouds, and Wasps. Translated
by T. Mitchell and R. Cumberland. 1819. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Works of the
British Poets.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1820-22.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='022'/><anchor id='Pg022'/>

<p>
13. Plutus and Frogs. Translated into English prose. 1822.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Birds. Translated by H. Cary. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Plutus. Translated by Carrington. 1825. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Acharnians, Knights, Wasps, and Birds. Translated into
English prose. By a Graduate of the University of Oxford.
Oxford. 1830.
</p>

<p>
17. Comedies, in English meter. Vol. 1. 1836. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Acharnians,
Knights, and Clouds.]
</p>

<p>
18. The Comedies of Aristophanes. Translated into familiar
blank verse, with notes ... by C. A. Wheelwright. 2 vol. Oxford.
1837.
</p>

<p>
19. Clouds and Peace. Translated into English prose by a
Graduate of the University of Oxford. Oxford. 1840.
</p>

<p>
20. A literal translation of the Clouds of Aristophanes by
C. P. Gerard. 1842. [Privately Printed] [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
21. The Knights of Aristophanes literally translated into
English prose by F. H. Williams. Dublin. 1844. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Ranac. Translated by C. C. Clifford. Oxford. 1848.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. The Comedies of Aristophanes. Translated ... with
notes ... by W. J. Hickie. 2 vol. 1853. [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1872-76; 2 vol. New York,
1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Eight Comedies. Translated into rhymed meters by
L. H. Rudd. 1867. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. The Peace of Aristophanes. Translated into corresponding
metres with original notes. By B. B. Rogers. 1867. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Scenes from Aristophanes: The Frogs. By Arthur Sidgwick.
1871.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='023'/><anchor id='Pg023'/>

<p>
27. Comedies. Translated by W. Lucas Collins. 1872.
[Ancient Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Philadelphia, 1872.</hi>
</p>

<p>
28. Scenes from Aristophanes: The Clouds. By Arthur
Sidgwick. 1872.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1884.</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Scenes from Aristophanes: The Knights. By Arthur
Sidgwick. 1872.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Scenes from Aristophanes: The Plutus. By Arthur
Sidgwick. 1872.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
31. Birds. Translated with notes by B. H. Kennedy. 1874.
</p>

<p>
32. Revolt of the Women. Translated by Benjamin B. Rogers
1878.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Clouds. Translated by W. C. Green. Cambridge. 1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
34. Acharnians. Translated into English verse. By Charles
J. Billson. 1882.
</p>

<p>
35. Acharnians. Translated into English verse by Robert
Y. Tyrrell. Dublin and London. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Dublin and London, 1890; Oxford, 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Acharnians of Aristophanes. Literally translated by a
First Class Man of Balliol College. Oxford. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Birds. Translated by J. H. Frere [Edited by John W.
Clark] [Trans, of Parabasis ll. 685-723 by A. C. Swinburne.]
Cambridge. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edit. William C. Green] 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
38. Clouds. Literally translated by a First Class Man of
Balliol College. 1883.
</p>

<pb n='024'/><anchor id='Pg024'/>

<p>
39. Frogs. Literally translated by a First Class Man of
Balliol College. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Revised by Edward L. Hawkins] 1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
40. Clouds. Literally translated by Thomas J. Arnold. 1887.
</p>

<p>
41. Plutus. Translated by William C. Green. Cambridge
and London. 1887.
</p>

<p>
42. Plutus. Translated by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge.
1887.
</p>

<p>
43. Three Plays of Aristophanes; Politics of Aristotle; Virgil's
Aeneid. 1888.
</p>

<p>
44. Clouds. Translated by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge.
1888.
</p>

<p>
45. The Frogs of Aristophanes adapted for performance by
the Oxford University Dramatic Society, 1892. With an English
version partly written for the occasion by David G. Hogarth and
Alfred D. Godley. Oxford. 1892.
</p>

<p>
46. Peace. Literally translated. Glascow. 1893.
</p>

<p>
47. Vespae. Translated by Francis G. Plaistowe. 1893.
</p>

<p>
48. Birds. Translated into English rhyme by George S.
Hodges. 1896.
</p>

<p>
49. Plutus. Translated by Michael T. Quinn. 1896.
</p>

<p>
50. Ranae. Closely translated by F. G. Plaistowe. Cambridge.
1896.
</p>

<p>
51. Ranae. Literally translated by J. A. Prout. 1896.
</p>

<p>
52. Vespae. Translated by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge.
1896.
</p>

<p>
53. Vespae. Translated by J. A. Prout. 1896.
</p>

<p>
54. Wasps. Translated by John W. Rundall. Cambridge.
1896.
</p>

<p>
55. Acharnians. Translated by a First Class Man of Balliol
College. Oxford and London. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
56. Wasps, as performed at Cambridge, November 19-24.
1897. Verse translation by B. B. Rogers. Cambridge. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1909, 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1916; New York, 1917.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='025'/><anchor id='Pg025'/>

<p>
57. Equites. Literally translated by J. A. Prout. 1899.
[Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
58. Frogs. Translated by E. W. Huntingford. 1900.
</p>

<p>
59. Plutus. Literally translated by J. A. Prout. 1901. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
60. Thesmophoriazusae, with a free translation. By B. B.
Rogers. 1904. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1904; New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
61. The Frogs. Translated into rhyming verse by Gilbert
Murray. 1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
62. The Acharnians and two other plays. [Everyman]
1909. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
63. The Acharnians with introduction, English prose translation
... by W. J. M. Starkie. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
64. Acharnians. Greek text revised with a translation. By
B. B. Rogers. 1910. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
65. The Knights. Greek text with a translation ... by B. B.
Rogers. 1910. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
66. Comedies. Edited, translated, and explained by B. B.
Rogers. 4 vols. 1910-1913. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
67. Clouds. With introduction, translation, and notes by
W. J. M. Starkie. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
68. The Frogs. Translated into kindred metres by Alfred
Davies Cope. Oxford. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. Frogs and three other plays. [Everyman] 1911. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
70. Aristophanes. Translated into English verse, with an introduction
and notes, by the Rt. Hon. Sir William Kennedy. 1912. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. The Plutus of Aristophanes, Literally translated by C. H.
Prichard. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='026'/><anchor id='Pg026'/>

<p>
72. The Clouds. Greek text revised with a translation ... by
B. B. Rogers. 1913. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1917.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Aristophanes' Acharnians; translated with an introduction
and memoir, by W. Covington. New York. 1894. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Aristophanes' Lysistrata; adapted and arranged by Winifred
Ayres Hope. New York. 1916. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [World's Best Plays]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aristotle</head>

<p>
1. De curione Lune. Here begynneth the course and disposition
of the dayes of the Moone in laten and in Englysshe which
be good; and which be badde after the influentes of the Moone
drawen out of a boke of Aristotiles de Astronomiis. [1530?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Here begynneth the Nature, and Dysposycyon of the dayes
in the Weke, and sheweth what the Thondre in auery moneth in
the yere, chaunsynge, doth protende and sygnyfye with the course
and dysposycion, of the dayes of the Moone: which be good, and
which be badde: after the influentes of the Moone drawen out
of a laten Boke of Aristotiles de Astronimis. [1535?] 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Ethiques of Aristotlem that is to saye, preceptes of good
behavoure and perfighte honestie, now newly trālated into English
[from the Italian, By John Wilkinson] 1547. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
4. A briefe and most pleasat Epitomye of the whole art of
Phisiognomie, gathered out of Aristotle, Rasis, Formica, Loxius,
Phylemo, Palemo, Consiliator, Morbeth the Cardinal and others
many moe, by that learned chyrurgian Cocles: and englished by
Thomas Hyll Londoner. [1550?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1613].</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Logicke of the moste excellent philosopher P. Ramus
Martyr, newly translated, and in diuers places corrected, after
the mynde of the Author. Per M. Roll. Makymenæum Scotum,
rogatu viri honestissimi, M. AEgidii Hamlini. M.D. Lxxiiii. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='027'/><anchor id='Pg027'/>

<p>
6. The Problemes of Aristotle, with other Philosophers and
Phisitions. Wherin are contained diuers questions, with their
answers, touching the estate of mans bodie. Edin. 1595. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1597; 1607; 1679; 1680; 1684; 1690; 1696.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Aristotle's Politiques; translated [by I. D.] 1597. Fol.
[This is probably No. 8.]
</p>

<p>
8. Aristotles Politiques, or Discourses of Government. Translated
out of Greek into French, with Expositions taken out of the
best Authours, specially out of Aristotle himself, and out of Plato,
conferred together where occasion of matter treated by them
both doth offer itself.... By Loys Le Roy, called Regius. Translated
out of French into English [by I. D.]. 1598. Fol.
</p>

<p>
9. The Art of Logike. Plainely taught in the English tongue,
by M. Blundeuile of Newton Flotman in Norfolke, as well according
to the doctrine of Aristotle, as of all other moderne and best
accounted Authours thereof.... 1599. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1617.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. The Art of Logick, Gathered out of Aristotle, and set in
due forme, according to his instructions, by Peter Ramus, Professor
of Philosophy and Rhetorick in Paris.... Published for the
Instruction of the Vnlearned, by Anthony Wotton. 1626. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Peter Ramus, of Vermandois, The King's Professor, his
Dialectica in two bookes.... By F[age] Gent. 1632. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. A briefe of the Art of Rhetorique, conteyning in substance,
all that Aristotle hath written in his three Bookes of that subiect
by T. H. [Thomas Hobbes]. Licensed to Andrew Crooke, February
1, 1636.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1681; 1759; 1832; 1847.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The true Fortune-teller, or Guide to Knowledge; discovering
the whole Art of Chrymancy, Physiognomy, Metoposcopy,
and Astrology. To which is added, Aristotle's Observations on
<pb n='028'/><anchor id='Pg028'/>
the Heavens and their motions, of fiery Meteor, Thunder, Lightening,
Eclipses, Comets, Earthquakes, and Whirlwinds. 1685.
12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1686.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Rhetoric. Translated by the Authors of the Art of Thinking.
1686. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1693; Oxford, 1816.</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Aristotle's Art of Poetry; translated ... with Mr. D'Acier's
notes translated from the French. 1705. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1709; 1713.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Ethics: Book I. Translated by Edmund Pargiter. 1745.
4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Aristotle's Poetics. Translated.... In two parts. [Anon.]
1775. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. The poetics of Aristotle. Translated with notes, by Henry
James Pye. 1775. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1778; 1788.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Treatise on Government. Translated ... by William
Ellis. 1776. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1778; 1888; [Everyman] 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1888; [Everyman] New York,
1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Aristotle's Treatise on Poetry. Translated ... with
notes ... by T. Twining. 1789. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1812.</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Ethics and Politics. Translated ... by J. Gillies. 2 vol.
1797. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1804; 2 vol., 1813; 2 vol., 1823; [Lubbock]
1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Aristotle's Metaphysics. Translated by Thomas Taylor.
1801. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Aristotle's Synopsis of the Virtues and Vices, in Translations
from the Greek, by William Bridgeman. 1804. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. The Paraphrase of an Anonymous Greek Writer, hitherto
published under the name of Andronicus Rhodius, on the Nichomachean
<pb n='029'/><anchor id='Pg029'/>
Ethics of Aristotle. Translated by W. Bridgeman.
1807. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. Works. Translated by Thomas Taylor. 9 vol. 1807-1812.
4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Rhetoric. Translated by Crimmin. Second Ed. 1812.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1816.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Rhetoric, Poetics, and Ethics. Translated by Thomas
Taylor. 2 vol. 1818. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Rhetoric and Poetics only] 1821.</hi>
</p>

<p>
28. A new translation of the Nichomachean Ethics. 1819.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Rhetoric. Translated by Parsons. 1836.
</p>

<p>
30. Ethics. Translated with notes. Oxford. 1846.
</p>

<p>
31. Rhetoric. Translated with notes by a graduate. Oxford.
1847.
</p>

<p>
32. The Nichomachean Ethics of Aristotle. Translated with
notes ... by R. W. Browne. 1850. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Posterior Analytics. Translated by Edward Poste. 1850.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
34. Rhetoric and Poetics. Translated by T. A. Buckley.
1850. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. The Organon ... with the Introduction of Porphyry.
Literally translated with notes by O. F. Owen. 2 vol. 1853.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76; 2 vol. New
York, 1885.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Politics and Economics. Translated with notes, to which
are prefixed an Introductory Essay and a Life of Aristotle by Dr.
Gillies. By E. Walford. 1853. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76; New York,
1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Vital Principle. Translated by Collier. 1855.
</p>

<pb n='030'/><anchor id='Pg030'/>

<p>
38. The Metaphysics of Aristotle. Literally translated ... with
notes ... by J. H. McMahon. 1857. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76; New York,
1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Ethics. Translated by D. P. Chase. 1861.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1866; 1877; [Revised by George H. Lewis] 1809;
[New Universal Library] 1906; [Books that Marked Epochs]
1910; [Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Everyman] New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
40. History of Animals. Translated by R. Cresswell. 1862.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Bohn] New York, 1872-76; New York,
1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Ethics. By Sir A. Grant. 2 vol. 1866.
</p>

<p>
42. On Fallacies. Translated with notes by Edward Poste.
1866.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1866.</hi>
</p>

<p>
43. Rhetoric. Translated with introduction, analysis, and
notes, by E. M. Cope. 1867.
</p>

<p>
44. Ethics. Translated by Robert Williams. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1876; 1891.</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. Ethics. Translated by Dr. [J. A.] Giles. 1870.
</p>

<p>
46. Works. Translated by Sir A. Grant. 1877. [Ancient
Classics]
</p>

<p>
47. Translations from the Organon by Walter Smith and Alan
G. S. Gibson. 1877.
</p>

<p>
48. Aristotle's Politics, Books I, III, IV, VII, with Essays by
Andrew Lang. By Bolland. 1877. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
49. The Moral Philosophy of Aristotle: consisting of a translation
of the Nichomachean Ethics, and of the paraphrase attributed
to Andronicus of Rhodes, with an introductory analysis of
each book ... by W. M. Hatch ... completed after his death by
others. 1879.
</p>

<pb n='031'/><anchor id='Pg031'/>

<p>
50. Selections. Translated by F. A. Paley. (188-?) 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Jamaica Plain, Mass., 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
51. The Nichomachean Ethics of Aristotle. Translated by
Frank H. Peters. 1881. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
52. Metaphysics, Book I. Translated by a Cambridge Graduate.
1881.
</p>

<p>
53. Parts of Animals. Translated with an introduction and
notes by William Ogle. 1882. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
54. Politics. Translated by James E. C. Welldon. 1883. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1888; 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1883.</hi>
</p>

<p>
55. Ethics, Books I, IV, X. Translated by Basford de Wilson.
1884.
</p>

<p>
56. Politics. Translated by Benjamin Jowett. 2 vol. Oxford.
1885.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edit. by H. W. C. Davis] 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1885; New York, 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
57. Ethics, Books I-IV (Omitting I, 6 and X, 6-9.) Translated
by St. George Stock. Oxford. 1886.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
58. Rhetoric. Translated by J. E. C. Welldon. 1886.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Politics. Three Plays of Aristophanes, 1888.
</p>

<p>
60. Poetics of Aristotle. Together with the treatise on the
Sublime by Longinus. Edit. by Henry Morley. 1889. [National
Library]
</p>

<p>
61. Ethics, Books I, IV, X. Translated by Samuel H. Jayes.
1890.
</p>

<p>
62. On the Athenian Constitution. Translated by Thomas
J. Dymes. 1891.
</p>

<p>
63. On the Athenian Constitution. Translated by Frederic
G. Kenyon. 1891.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1891.</hi>
</p>

<p>
64. Ethics. Translated by James E. C. Welldon. 1892.
</p>

<pb n='032'/><anchor id='Pg032'/>

<p>
65. The Poetics. Edited with notes and a translation by S.
H. Butcher. 1895. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1898; 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1895; New York, 1896; New
York, 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
66. Nichomachean Ethics, Books I (Omitting Ch. 6), II, III,
IV, X (Ch. 6-9). Translated by Franklin Harvey. Oxford.
1897. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
67. On Youth and Old Age, Life and Death, and Respiration;
Translated with introduction and notes by W. Ogle. 1897.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
68. The Poetics. Edited with notes and a translation by
S. H. Butcher. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. Posterior Analytics. Translated by E. S. Bouchier. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
70. Psychology: Treatise on Principle of Life. Translated
with Introduction and notes by William A. Hammond. 1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. Aristotle on Education: Extracts from the Ethics and
Politics. Translated and edited by John Burnet. 1903. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
72. De Sensu and De Memoria. Edited and translated with
Introduction and notes by G. R. T. Ross. Cambridge. 1906.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
73. De Anima. Edited with a translation and notes by R. D.
Hicks. Cambridge. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
74. Poetics. Translated with notes by E. S. Bouchier. Oxford.
1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
75. Works. Translated into English under the editorship
of J. A. Smith and W. D. Ross.
</p>

<p>
Vol. I. Parva naturalia. Translated by J. I. Beare and G. T.
R. Ross. 1908.
</p>

<p>
Vol. II. De Lineus insecabilibus. Translated by H. H.
Joachim. 1908.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='033'/><anchor id='Pg033'/>

<p>
76. Aristotle on the Art of Poetry. Text, Introduction,
Translation, and Commentary by Ingram Bywater. Oxford.
1909.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
77. Nichomachean Ethics, Book VI. Essays, notes and translation.
By L. H. Greenwood. Cambridge. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
78. Works. Translated into English under the editorship
of J. A. Smith and W. D. Ross. Vol. III. Metaphysica, by W. D.
Ross. Oxford. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1908; New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
79. Rhetoric. Translated by Sir Richard C. Jebb. Edited
with introduction and notes by John E. Sandys. Cambridge.
1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
80. De Mirabilibus Auscultionibus. Translated into English
by L. D. Dowdall. Oxford. 1910. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
81. Works. Translated into English: De Generatione Animalium
by A. Platt. Oxford. 1910. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
82. Historia Animalium. Translated into English by D'Arcy
Wentworth Thompson. 1910.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
83. Poetics. Translated Greek into English and Arabic into
Latin, with text, notes ... by D. S. Margoliouth. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
84. Works. Translated under the editorship of J. A. Smith
and W. D. Ross. Vol. VI. Opuscula by T. Loveday and others.
1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
85. The Works of Aristotle. Translated into English. Edited
by J. A. A. Smith and W. D. Ross.
</p>

<p>
De Mortu animalium and De incessu animalium by A. S. L.
Farquharson. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='034'/><anchor id='Pg034'/>

<p>
86. Works. Translation into English under the editorship
of W. D. Ross. De Mundo by E. S. Forster; De Spiritu by J. F.
Dobson; Magna Moralia by St G. Stock; Ethica Endemia, De
virtutibus et Vitiis by J. Solomon. 1915. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Aristotle on his predecessors: being the first book of his
Metaphysics; translated from the text edition of W. Christ; introduction
and notes by A. E. Taylor. Chicago. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Religion of Science Series] Chicago, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Aristotle on the art of poetry; an amplified version; with
supplementary illustrations for students of English by Lane Cooper.
Boston. 1913.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Aristoxenus Of Tarentum</head>

<p>
1. Harmonics. Edited with a translation and notes by H. S.
Macran. 1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1902.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Arrian</head>

<p>
1. Arrian's history of Alexander's expedition. Translated
from the Greek, with notes ... by Mr. Rooke ... 2 vol. 1729. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Voyage of Nearchus from the Indies to the Euphrates, collected
from the original journal preserved by Arrian and illustrated
by authorities. By William Vincent. To which are added
three dissertations.... 1797.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1809.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Arrian's voyage around the Euxine sea; translated and
accompanied with a geographical dissertation and maps; to which
are added three discourses. (By W. Falconer, edit. by T. Falconer.)
Oxford. 1805. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Arrian on Coursing. The Cynegeticies of the younger
Xenophon (i.e. Arrian) translated with annotations and a life of
the author ... by a Graduate of Medicine [W. Dancey]. 1831.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='035'/><anchor id='Pg035'/>

<p>
5. The Periplus of Euthraeis, Arrian's Voyage of Nearchus.
Translated with notes by J. W. McCrindle. Calcutta, Bombay,
and London. 1879.
</p>

<p>
6. Anabasis of Alexander. Translated by Edward J. Chinnock.
1884.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Invasion of India by Alexander the Great, as described
by Arrian, Quintus Curtius, Diodorus, Plutarch and Justin, being
translation of such portions of these and other classical authors
as describe Alexander's campaign in Afghanistan, the Panjâb,
Sindh Gedrosia, and Karmania, with an introduction containing
life, etc. By J. W. McCrindle. 1893.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1896.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Artemidorus Of Ephesus</head>

<p>
1. Sertayne Dreames made by Artemedorus. Licensed to T.
Marshe. 1558-59.
</p>

<p>
2. A pleasant Treatise of the interpretation of sundrie dreames
gathered out of ... Ponzettus and Artemidorus. By Thomas
Hill. 1563.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1571; 1576.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. A breafe and pleasaunt treatise of the interpretation of
dreames. Licensed to W. Copeland. 1566-67.
</p>

<p>
4. The Iudgement Or exposition of Dreames, Written by
Artimodorus, an Auncient and famous Author, first in Greeke, then
Translated into Latin, After into French, and now into English.
1606. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
5. The Interpretation of Dreames ... Rendered into English
[by R. W., i.e., Robert Wood]. The fourth edition, newly corrected.
1644. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1656; 1679; 1701; 1722; [1740?]</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Athenaeus</head>

<p>
1. Deipnosophists. Translated by H. Younge. 3 Vol. 1854.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='036'/><anchor id='Pg036'/>

<div>
<head>Babrius</head>

<p>
1. The Fables of Babrius. Translated into English verse, by
James Davies. 1860.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Bacchylides</head>

<p>
1. Poems and Fragments. Edited with introduction, notes,
and a prose translation by Sir Richard C. Jebb. Cambridge.
1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1905.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Bion And Moschus</head>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Note</hi>.&mdash;See also Anacreon, Nos. 3 and 7; and Theocritus, Nos.
5, 6, 7, 10, 12, 13.
</p>

<p>
1. The Idylls of Bion and Moschus. Translated by Thomas
Stanley. 1651. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>For reprintings see Anacreon No. 3.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Miscellaneous Translations from Bion, Ovid, Moschus, and
Mr. Addison. Oxford. 1716. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Idylliums of Bion and Moschus [translated by T. Cooke].
1724. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Death of Adonis by Bion. Translated by Rev. John Langhorne.
1759. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1766.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Idyllia of Bion. Translated by R. Polwhele. 1813.
16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Works of the Greek and Roman Poets]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [The British Poets] 1822.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Callimachus</head>

<p>
1. Perthenissa the last part The history of Callimachus. Licensed
to He. Herringman. August 16, 1665.
</p>

<p>
2. Callimachus and six Hymns of Orpheus. Translated into
English verse by William Dodd. 1755. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Works translated into English verse, with Coma Berenices
from the Latin of Catullus. With the original text and notes.
<pb n='037'/><anchor id='Pg037'/>
By H. W. Tytler. [With a preface by the Earl of Buchan]
1793. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Hymn to Jupiter. Hymn to Apollo. [Translated by C.
Pitt] 1779-81. [Johnson's English Poets]
</p>

<p>
5. Callimachus, Hesiod and Theognis. Translated by James
Banks. 1856. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1886.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Cebes</head>

<p>
1. The Table of Cebes the philosopher. How one may take
profite of his enemies, translated out of Plutarche. [By Sir Frances
Poyntz] ... [1535?] 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1537?]; [1560?].</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Table of Cebes the philosopher. 1535-39.
</p>

<p>
3. Table. Translated by Io. Healey. [Published with Epictetus'
Manuall and Theophrastus' Characters] 1610.
</p>

<p>
4. Cebes, the Theban Philosopher, his Tables; wherein is
contained a method for the well ordering the Life of a Man; with
a description in Latin and English. Published for the studious
Youth. 1676.
</p>

<p>
5. The Tablet of Cebes ... or a true emblem of human life;
done out of Greek into English. With an additional treatise concerning
Tranquillity of mind, written by Hipparchus. And [all]
translated by R. Warren. Cambridge. 1699. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. The Table of Cebes or the picture of human life. In English
verse, with notes, by T. Scott. 1754. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Circuit of Human Life, a vision; in which are allegorically
described the Virtues and Vices. Taken from the Tablature
of Cebes. 1774. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Picture of Human Life, containing some excellent rules
for a virtuous and prudent conduct. Translated from the Greek
of Cebes. Second edition. By a Gentleman of the University.
Cambridge. 1777. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Chariton</head>

<p>
1. The Loves of Chaereas and Callirrhoe. Translated into
English.... 2 vol. 1764. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='038'/><anchor id='Pg038'/>

<div>
<head>Ctesias</head>

<p>
1. Ancient India as described by Ktêsias the Knidian; being
a translation of the abridgement of his "Indika" by Phôtios, and
of the fragments of that work preserved in other writings. By
J. W. McCrindle. With introduction, notes ... Calcutta, Bombay,
London. 1882.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Demosthenes</head>

<p>
1. The three Orations of Demosthenes chiefe Orator among the
Grecians, in favour of the Olynthians, a people in Thracia, novv
called Romania: vvith those of his fovver Orations titled expressly
&amp; by name against King Philip of Macedonie: most nedefull to
be redde in these daungerous dayes, of all of them that loue their
Countries libertie, and desire to take vvarning for their better
auayle, by example of others. Englished out of the Greek by
Thomas Wylson Doctor of the ciuill lavves. After these Orations
ended Demosthenes lyfe is set foorth, and gathered out of
Plutarch, Lucian, Suidas, and others, with a large table, declaring
all the principall matters conteyned in euerye part of this booke.
1570. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The first and most excellent oration of that renowned orator
Demosthenes, against Philip of Macedon, the Potent and Politicke
enemy of the State of Athens. Faithfully translated out
of the Greeke [by T. G.] 1623. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Several Orations of Demosthenes, to encourage the Athenians
to oppose the exorbitant power of Philip of Macedon. Englished
from the Greek by several hands. (The first Olynthian
translation by the Earl of Peterborough; the second, by Hon. G.
Granvill; the third, by Dr. Morland; the first Philippick, by
Dr. Garth; the second, by K. C. [K. Chetwood]; the third, by
the Hon. Col. Stanhope; the fourth, by Mr. Topham.) To which
is prefixed the historical preface of Monsr. Tourreil. 1702. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Revised] 1744.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Orations of Demosthenes for the Crown. Translated by
Mr. Dawson. 1732. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='039'/><anchor id='Pg039'/>

<p>
5. Orations of Demosthenes on the Crown. Translated by
Andrew Portal. 1755. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. All the orations of Demosthenes pronounced to excite the
Athenians against Philip, King of Macedon. (The Orations of
Demosthenes on occasions of public deliberation. The Orations
of Dinarchus against Demosthenes. The Orations of Aeschines
and Demosthenes on the Crown.) Translated into English with
notes, by Thomas Leland, D.D. 3 vol. 1763. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1770; 3 pts., 1771; [corrected] 3 vol., 1777;
2 vol., 1802; 2 vol., 1804; 2 vol., 1806; 2 vol., 1814; 2 vol., 1819;
2 vol., 1824.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1820-52; 2 vol., New York,
1872-76; New York, 1880; [introduction by Epiphanius Wilson.]
New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Orations of Demosthenes (and Aeschines). Translated by
... Rev. Philip Francis, with notes. 2 vol. 1757-58. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Orations of Demosthenes. Translated by Fleintoff. 1840.
</p>

<p>
9. Oratio de Coronâ. Translation by Henry Lord Brougham.
1840. [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Translations of select speeches of Demosthenes, with
notes, by C. R. Kennedy. Cambridge. 1841. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Midian Oration of Demosthenes. Translated by
G. Burges. Cambridge. 1842. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Philippic and Olynthian Orations. Translated by
D. Spillan. 1846.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1854.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Beaver, Pa., 1852-55.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Philippic and Olynthian Orations. Translated by C. R.
Kennedy. 1852. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 2 vol., New York, 1857; 2 vol., New
York, 1872-76; [Everyman] New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='040'/><anchor id='Pg040'/>

<p>
14. Philippic and Olynthian Orations. Translated by Henry
Owgan. 1853.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1866.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 5 vol., New York, 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Orations against Leptines, ... translated by C. R. Kennedy.
1856. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Orations against Timocrates, Aristogiton and Aphobus...
Translated with notes by C. R. Kennedy. 1861. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Key to Demosthenes. The Olynthiac Orations of Demosthenes
... with text, literal translation ... by T. MacNally.
Dublin. 1866. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Oration in Answer to Aeschines upon the Crown. Translated
by William Brandt. 1870.
</p>

<p>
19. Orations on the Crown. Translated by G. A. and W. H.
Simcox. 1873.
</p>

<p>
20. The Orations of Demosthenes on the Crown. Translated
by the Right Hon. Sir R. Collier. 1875. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Works. Translated by W. J. Brodribb. 1877. [Ancient
Classics]
</p>

<p>
22. Oration of Demosthenes against the law of Leptines.
Translated by a Graduate of Cambridge. Cambridge. 1879.
</p>

<p>
23. The Orations of Demosthenes on the Crown, with an
English translation, notes ... by Francis P. Simpson. Oxford.
1882. [Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
24. Against Meidas. Translated with introduction, notes
... by Charles A. M. Fennell. Cambridge. 1882.
</p>

<p>
25. Oration against Leptines. Translated with introduction,
notes, and analysis. Oxford and London. 1885.
</p>

<p>
26. The Philippic Orations. Translated with introduction,
notes and analysis. Oxford and London. 1885.
</p>

<p>
27. Androtion. Cambridge. 1888.
</p>

<pb n='041'/><anchor id='Pg041'/>

<p>
28. Orations on the Crown. Translated by Charles Rann
Kennedy. Biographical introduction by E. B[ell]. 1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Against the law of Leptines. Translated by J. Harold
Boardman. 1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1892.</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Demosthenes adversus Leptinem. Translated by F. E. A.
Trayes. 1893.
</p>

<p>
31. De Corona. Translated with test papers. By T. T.
Jeffery. 1896.
</p>

<p>
32. Pro Phormio and Contra Cononem. Translated by J. A.
Prout. 1896.
</p>

<p>
33. Meidas. Translation and test papers by W. J. Woodhouse.
1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
34. Olynthiacs and Philippics, translated on a new principle
by Otho Holland. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Public Orations. Trans. by Arthur Picard. 2 vol. Cambridge.
1912.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. The Olynthiac Speeches of Demosthenes. J. M. Macgregor.
Cambridge. 1915. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Demosthenes On the Crown: a Literal Translation. By
a Student of Dublin University. Princeton, N. J. 1851. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Aeschines and Demosthenes. Two Orations on the Crown.
Translated by George W. Biddle. Philadelphia. 1881. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Demosthenes On the Crown. New York. 1889. [Handy
Literal Translations]
</p>

<p>
4. Demosthenes On the Crown. New York. 1894. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Interlinear Translations, New Classical Series]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Dio Cassius</head>

<p>
1. The History of Dion Cassius. Translated by Manning.
2 vol. 1704. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='042'/><anchor id='Pg042'/>

<div>
<head>Diodorus Siculus</head>

<p>
1. A righte noble and pleasant History of the Successors of
Alexander surnamed the Great, taken out of Diodorus Siculus
[Book XVIII]: and some of their lives written by the wise Plutarch.
Translated out of French into English by Thomas Stocker.
1569. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. History of the World by Diodorus Siculus. Translated by
Thomas Cogan. 1653. Fol.
</p>

<p>
3. Historical Library of Diodorus Siculus, in fifteen books ... to
which are added, the Fragments of Diodorus, that are found in the
Bibliotheca of Photius; together with those published by H.
Valensius, L. Rhodomannus, and F. Ausinus. Made English by
G. Booth. 1700. Fol.
</p>

<p>
4. Two Fragments of the Twenty-fourth Book. Translated
by John Toland. 1726. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Diogenes Laertius</head>

<p>
1. The Lives, Opinions, and remarkable sayings of the most
famous Ancient Philosophers ... Made English by several hands.
[T. Fetherstone, S. White, E. Smith, J. Philips, R. Kippars, W.
Baxter, R. M., and J. A.] 2 vol. 1688.
</p>

<p>
2. The Works of Diogenes; a literal translation. Vol. 1.
Containing Every-Day Characters, A Comedy &amp;c. 1805.
</p>

<p>
3. The Lives and Opinions of Ancient Philosophers. Translated
by C. D. Younge. 1853. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Dionysius Of Halicarnassus</head>

<p>
1. Works. Translated by Edward Spelman. 4 vol. 1758. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Three Literary Letters (ad Ammaeum 1, 2, and ad Pompeium)
Greek text with an English translation, notes ... by W. Rhys
Roberts. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. On Literary Composition. Greek text edited with introduction,
translation, notes ... by W. Rhys Roberts. 1910. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='043'/><anchor id='Pg043'/>

<div>
<head>Dionysius, The Periegete</head>

<p>
1. The Surveye of VVorld, or Situation of the Earth, so
much as is inhabited. Comprysing briefly the generall partes
thereof, with the names both new and olde, of the principal countries,
Kingdoms, Peoples, Cities, Towns, Portes, Promontories,
Hils, Woods, Mountains, Valleyes, Rivers and Fountains therin
conteyned. Also of Seas, with their Clyffes, Reaches, Turnings,
Elbows, Quicksands, Rocks, Flattes, Shelues, and Shoares. A
work very necessary and delectable for students of Geographie,
Saylers, and others. First written in Greeke by Dionise Alexandrine
and novv englished by Thomas Twine, Gentl. 1572. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
BL
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Empedocles</head>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Fragments. Translated into English Verse. By William E.
Leonard. New York. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Epictetus</head>

<p>
1. The Manuell of Epictetus, Translated out of Greeke into
French, and now into English, conferred with two Latine Translations.
Herevnto are annexed Annotations, and also the Apothegs
of the same Author. By Ia. Sanford. 1567. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Epictetus his Manuell. And Cebes his Table. Out of the
Greeke original, by Io. Healey. 1610. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With the addition of Theophrastus' Characters]
1616; 1616; 1636.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The lives and philosophy of Epictetus with the embleme of
human life by Cebes. Rendred into English; by J. Davies [from
the French of Boileau]. [The philosophy is a translation of the
Enchiridion and the embleme of the Tabula.] 1670. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Epicteti Enchiridion, made English in a poetical paraphrase,
by E. Walker. 1692. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1697; 1702; 1708; 1716; Dublin, 1724; 1737.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Epictetus his Morals, with Simplicius's comment, made
<pb n='044'/><anchor id='Pg044'/>
English from the Greek by George Stanhope, late Fellow of King's
College in Cambridge. 1694. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1700; 1721; 1741; Glasgow, 1750.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Epictetus his Morals, or the whole Duty of a Philosopher;
done from the Original Greek by a Dr. of Physick. 1702. 24<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1703.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Porch and Academy Open'd or Epictetus's Manual
newly turn'd into English Verse; with Notes. By J. W., late of
Eton College in Oxon. To which is added, Cebes's Table; never
before translated into English Verse. By [Selina] a Lady. 1707.
</p>

<p>
8. Human Wisdom displayed: or, a guide to prudence and
virtue, in two parts. Containing ... II. A fragment on tranquility
of mind, from Pythagoras: together with a collection of choice
morals from Epictetus ... both newly translated from the original
Greek.... By an old Gentleman of Gray's Inn, lately retired to
a country-life. 1731. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. All the works of Epictetus which are now extant; consisting
of his discourses, preserved by Arrian, in four books. The Enchiridion,
and fragments. Translated by Elizabeth Carter....
With introduction and notes by the Translator. 1758.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edit, by M. Pennington] 2 vol., 1807; [Edit, by
W. H. D. Rouse] 2 vol., [Temple Classics] 1899; [Edit. W. H. D.
Rouse, Everyman] 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Edit. By T. W. Higginson] Boston,
1865, 2 vol.; Boston, 1890; [Handy Volume Classics] Boston, 1906;
[Beacon Classics] Boston, 1913 [Conniston Classics] New York,
1917.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Arrian's Discourses with the Enchiridion and Fragments.
Translated by George Long. 1877.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1890; 1892; 2 vol., 1902; [Light and Life Books]
2 vol., 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, [Bohn] 1888; [Library World's
Best Books] New York, 1890; [Knickerbocker Nuggets] New
York, 1892; [Elia Series] New York, 1895; [Illustrated Library
of Famous Books] New York, 1897.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='045'/><anchor id='Pg045'/>

<p>
11. The Encheiridion of Epictetus. Translated with a preface
and notes by Thomas W. Rolleston. 1881. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Camelot Series] New York, 1888;
[Breviary treasures] Jamaica Plains, Mass. 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Encheiridion of Epictetus. The Golden Verses of
Pythagoras. Translated by Thomas Talbot. 1881.
</p>

<p>
13. Epictetus' Sayings and Maxims. Selected by Rudolph
Dircks. 1906. 32<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. The Book of Epictetus. [Harrap Library] 1910. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Epictetus: The Discourses and Manual, together with
Fragments from his Writings. Translated with an Introduction
and Notes by P. E. Matheson. 2 vol. 1917. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1917.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Epictetus his Morals, Done from the original Greek, and
the words taken from his own mouth by Arrian. The second
edition. Philadelphia. 1729.
</p>

<p>
2. Epictetus. Selections from his Discourses; with the Encheiridion;
edited by B. E. Smith. New York. 1900.
</p>

<p>
3. Epictetus' Discourses. New York. 1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [World's
Great Books]
</p>

<p>
4. Golden Sayings of Epictetus; with the Hymn of Cleanthes;
translated and arranged by Hastings Crossley. New York. 1903.
[Golden Treasury Series]
</p>

<p>
5. Noble Thoughts of Epictetus; selected and edited by Dana
Estes; with an essay on The Discourses by Canon F. W. Farrar.
Boston. 1909. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Noble Thoughts Series]
</p>

<p>
6. Discourses of Epictetus. Boston. 1914. [Berkeley Series]
</p>

<p>
7. Discourses of Epictetus. New York. 1916. 24<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Cloister
Craft Books]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='046'/><anchor id='Pg046'/>

<div>
<head>Epicurus</head>

<p>
1. Epicurus's Moralls, collected ptly out of his owne Greeke
text in Diogenes Laertius and ptly out of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Rhapsodies of Marcus
Antoninus, Plutarch, Cicero and Seneca. And faithfully
Englished by Dr. Charleston. Licensed to He. Herringman, December
12, 1655.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1670.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Epicurus's Morals, Translated from the Greek [or rather
from the French] by J. Digby. With comments and reflections
taken out of several authors [or rather by J. Parrain Baron des
Contures translated from the French.] Also Isocrates, his advise
to Demonicus, done out of Greek by the same hand. To which
is added an essay on Epicurus's Morals ... by ... St. Evremont
... made English by Dr. Johnson. (The Life of Epicurus ... by
Dr. Rondell) 1712. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edit. by J. Tela.] 1822.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Euripides</head>

<p>
1. Iocasta: A Tragedy vvritten in Greek by Euripides, translated
and digested into Actes by George Gascoigne, and Francis
Kinvvelmershe of Grayes Inne, and there by them presented, 1566.
[In G. Gascoigne: A Hundreth sundrie Floweres] [1572]. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1575]; [In the Whole Workes] 1587; [In the
pleasauntest Workes of George Gascoigne] 1587.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Hecuba. Translated by Mr. West. 1726. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. [Selections] Translated by Jabez Hughes. 1737. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [In
Hughes' Miscellanies]
</p>

<p>
4. Hecuba. Translated with annotations by Rev. T. Morrell.
1749. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Iphigenia in Tauris. Translated by Dr. West. 1753. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[In his translation of Pindar. <hi rend='italic'>q.v.</hi>]
</p>

<p>
6. Hippolytus, Iphigenia in Aulis and in Tauris, Alcestis and
Cyclops, with extracts from other tragedies. Translated by Mrs.
Charlotte Lenox, from the French translation in Brummoy's
Theâtre des Grecs. 3 vol. 1759. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='047'/><anchor id='Pg047'/>

<p>
7. Select tragedies of Euripides (Phoenissae; Iphigenia in
Aulis; Troades; Orestes) translated from the original Greek. [In
verse; with notes.] By J. Bannister. 1780. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Tragedies of Euripides. Translated [by R. Potter].
2 vol. 1781-83. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1807; 2 vol., 1808; [Alcestis only] 1809;
[Hecuba only] 1827; 2 vol., 1814; 2 vol., 1882; 2 vol., 1835;
[Alcestis, Electra, Orestes, Iphigenia in Aulis, Iphigenia in Tauris,
The Trojan Dames; with an Introduction by Henry Morley. In
Morley's Universal Library] 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1820-52; 2 vol., New York,
1872-76; New York, 1886; New York, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. The nineteen tragedies and fragments of Euripides. Translated
by Michael Wodhull. 1782. 4 vol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Hyppolytus and Iphigenia in Aulis only] Dublin,
1786; 4 vol., 1809; [Hecuba, Hercules Distracted, the Children of
Hercules, Rhesus, The Trojan Captives, The Cyclops, Helen, Andromache;
with an Introduction by Henry Morley. In Morley's
Universal Library] 1888; [In Popular Poets] 1894; [Medea,
only. In Plays of Aristophanes, Euripides, and Sophocles, translated
by Frere, Wodhull, and Francklin] 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. A literal translation of Euripides' Hippolytus and Iphigenia.
[In Aulis] By M. Toumy. Dublin. 1790. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Alcestis of Euripides acted at ... Reading School.
Translation by Mr. Potter. [In verse] Reading. [1809] 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: New York, 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Hecuba, Orestes, Phoenician Virgins, and Medea. Translated
by a Member of the University of Oxford. Oxford. 1820. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1837.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Euripidis Medea, Greek with a prose translation. By
T. W. C. Edwards. 1821. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1848.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Hippolytus and Alcestis. Translated by a Member of the
University of Oxford. Oxford. 1822. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='048'/><anchor id='Pg048'/>

<p>
15. Euripidis Hecuba, Greek with a prose translation by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1822.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1824; 1838.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Euripides' Orestes with a translation by T. W. C. Edwards.
1823.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1845.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Euripides' Phoenissae, Greek with a prose translation by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1823. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1844.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Ευριπιδου Ἀλκηστις. The Alcestis of Euripides literally
translated into English prose ... with the original Greek ... by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1838.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Euripidis Tragoediae, with translation. By T. S. C.
Edwards. 4 parts. [1824?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1839.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Euripidis Bacchae and Heraclides in English. 1828. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Euripides' Tragedies. Translated by an Oxford M. A.
1839.
</p>

<p>
22. The Andromache ... literally translated into English
prose, with notes ... Cambridge. 1840. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Euripides' Hippolytus. Translated by an Oxford M. A.
1841.
</p>

<p>
24. Euripides' Cyclops. Translated into English verse. 1842.
</p>

<p>
25. The Bacchanals of Euripides. Translated into English
[verse]. By Mons. Glouton. Brighton. 1845. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Euripides' Alcestis and Hippolytus, literally translated into
English prose, with notes, by a Graduate in Honors of the University
of Oxford. 1846.
</p>

<p>
27. The Bacchae and Heraclidae literally translated with notes.
1846. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
28. The Alcestis of Euripides. Translated by Rev. James
Banks. 1849.
</p>

<pb n='049'/><anchor id='Pg049'/>

<p>
29. Euripides' Tragedies. Translated by T. A. Buckley. 2 vol.
1850. [Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1856; [Bohn] New York,
1872-76 2 vol.; New York, 1887; [Alcestis and Electra] Philadelphia,
1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. The Hecuba of Euripides. Translated by Rev. A. B.
Faussett. 1850.
</p>

<p>
31. The Medea of Euripides. Literally translated and explained
... by Rev. A. B. Faussett. Dublin. 1851. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Euripides' Hecuba. Translated into English prose. By
D. Spillan. 1861.
</p>

<p>
33. Euripides' Medea. Translated into English prose. By
D. Spillan. 1861.
</p>

<p>
34. Euripides' Hecuba and Medea. Translated by Smith.
1862.
</p>

<p>
35. Hecuba, Medea and Phoenissae. Literally translated by
Roscoe Mongan. 1865.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Phoenissae only. In Kelly's Keys] 1865.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Phoenissae and Medea. Translated by Dr. [J. A.] Giles.
1865.
</p>

<p>
37. Hecuba and Orestes. Translated by Dr. [J. A.] Giles.
1866.
</p>

<p>
38. Ion. Translated with notes. By E. S. Crooke. 1866.
</p>

<p>
39. Translations from Euripides: Medea, Iphigenia in Aulis,
Iphigenia in Tauris. Translated by J. Cartwright. 1866.
</p>

<p>
40. The Crowned Hippolytus of Euripides, together with a
selection from the pastoral and lyric poets of Greece. Translated
into English verse. By M. P. Fitzgerald. 1867.
</p>

<p>
41. Iphigenia in Tauris. Translated with notes. By E. S.
Crooke. 1867.
</p>

<p>
42. Euripides' Medea. Translated by John R. Lee. 1867.
</p>

<p>
43. Euripides' Medea. Translated into English verse by
Augusta Webster. 1868.
</p>

<p>
44. Alcestis. Literally translated and explained ... by a
First Class Man of Balliol College. 1870.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1880.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='050'/><anchor id='Pg050'/>

<p>
45. The Alcestis of Euripides. Literally translated into English
prose, with notes. Cambridge. [1870] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
46. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated into English verse. By
W. F. Nevins. 1870. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
47. Euripides' Hecuba. The text is closely rendered and the
most difficult words parsed and explained. By a First Class Man
of Balliol College. 1870.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1880.</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Euripides' Medea. Literally translated and explained ...
by a First Class Man of Balliol College. 1870.
</p>

<p>
49. [Alcestis] Balaustion's Adventure, including a transcript
from Euripides. By Robert Browning. Third Edition. 1871.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1881.</hi>
</p>

<p>
50. Ἐυριπιδου βακχαι. The Bacchae of Euripides, with a revision
of the text and a commentary by R. Y. Tyrrell. 1871.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
51. Euripides' Medea, Alcestis and Hippolytus. Translated
into blank verse, by H. Williams. 1871.
</p>

<p>
52. Euripides' Works. Translated by W. B. Donne. 1872.
[Ancient Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Philadelphia, 1872.</hi>
</p>

<p>
53. Euripides' Bacchae. Translated into English verse by
J. E. Thorobold Rogers. 1872.
</p>

<p>
54. Euripides' Hecuba. Translated with notes ... 1875.
[Analytical Series of the Greek and Latin Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1880; 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
55. Euripides' Alcestis. 1876.
</p>

<p>
56. Euripides' Bacchae. Translated by George O'Connor.
1876.
</p>

<p>
57. Euripides' Hercules Furens. Translated with notes, by a
Graduate. Cambridge and London. 1876.
</p>

<p>
58. Euripides' Hippolytus, with ... notes and a literal translation
by a Graduate [F. A. S. Freeland?]. Cambridge and
London. 1876. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='051'/><anchor id='Pg051'/>

<p>
59. Euripides' Alcestis. Literally translated by Roscoe Mongan.
1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1881</hi>.
</p>

<p>
60. Euripides' Alcestis. Literally translated into English
prose by James Rice. 1879.
</p>

<p>
61. The Crowned Hippolytus. Translated from Euripides
with new Poems by A. Mary Robinson. 1881.
</p>

<p>
62. Ion of Euripides.... An entirely new and literal translation
by Roscoe Mongan. 1881.
</p>

<p>
63. The Troades of Euripides. Translated into literal English
with notes. By Henry J. Corbett Knight. 1882.
</p>

<p>
64. The Alcestis of Euripides. Translated from the Greek
into English, now for the first time in its original metres, with
preface, explanatory notes, and stage directions suggesting performance.
By H. B. L. 1884.
</p>

<p>
65. Euripides' Iphigenia in Aulis. Literally translated by
Thomas J. Arnold. 1884.
</p>

<p>
66. The Iphigeneia among the Tauri of Euripides. Translated
into English ... by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge. 1884.
</p>

<p>
67. Euripides' The Troades. Literally translated by Thomas
J. Arnold. [1885?].
</p>

<p>
68. Euripides' Hercules Furens. Literally translated by
Thomas J. Arnold. [1885?].
</p>

<p>
69. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated with introduction, notes
... by the Editors of the Analytical Series of Greek and Latin
Classics. 1886.
</p>

<p>
70. Euripides' Bacchae. Literally translated by William
James Hickie. 1886.
</p>

<p>
71. Euripidis Heraclidae. Literally translated by W. J.
Hickie. 1886.
</p>

<p>
72. How to pass. Edited by Augustus C. Maybury. No. 1.
Hercules Furens of Euripides. Translated into literal English
with notes and life of the author. Written for candidates preparing
for the University of London Examinations. By A. C. Maybury.
[Published by the Author] 1886.
</p>

<pb n='052'/><anchor id='Pg052'/>

<p>
73. The Hippolytus of Euripides. Literally translated by
Roscoe Mongan. 1886.
</p>

<p>
74. Euripides' Andromache. Literally translated.... By
William J. Hickie. 1887.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
75. The Trojan Women. A translation into English verse
from the Troades of Euripides. By William D. Standfast. 1887.
</p>

<p>
76. Alcestis of Euripides rendered into English verse. By
William Cudworth. 1888. [Privately printed]
</p>

<p>
77. The Bacchanals and other plays [Ion, Medea, The Phoenician
Damsels, The Suppliants, Hippolytus] by Euripides. The
Bacchanals translated by Henry Hart Milman. The other plays
translated by Michael Wodhull. With an introduction by Henry
Morley. 1888. [Morley's Universal Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
78. Euripides' Hecuba. Literally translated. 1888.
</p>

<p>
79. Euripides' Hippolytus. Literally translated by a Graduate.
Cambridge and London. 1888.
</p>

<p>
80. The Hippolytus of Euripides. Translated into English ...
by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge. 1888.
</p>

<p>
81. The Ion of Euripides now first translated into English in
its original metres, with an introduction, notes ... by H. B. L.
1889.
</p>

<p>
82. The Iphigeneia in Aulis of Euripides. Rendered into
English verse by William Cudworth. 1889. [Privately printed]
</p>

<p>
83. The Ion of Euripides. Translated into English ... by
Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge. 1890.
</p>

<p>
84. Euripides' Iphigenia in Tauris. A literal translation by
G. F. H. Sykes and John H. Haydon. 1890.
</p>

<p>
85. Euripides' plays. Translated into English prose by Edward
F. Coleridge. 2 vol. 1891.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Bell's Classical Treasury] New York,
1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
86. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated by T. J. Arnold. 1892.
[Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<pb n='053'/><anchor id='Pg053'/>

<p>
87. Euripides' Bacchae. A new and accurate translation ...
by Herbert Hailstone. 1892.
</p>

<p>
88. A literal translation of the Hecuba of Euripides ... by
Thomas Nash. Oxford and London. 1892.
</p>

<p>
89. Euripides' Heraclidae. A close translation by Richard M.
Thomas. 1892.
</p>

<p>
90. Euripides' Iphigenia in Tauris. Literally translated by
J. A. Prout. [1892?].
</p>

<p>
91. Euripides' Alcestis. Text with a translation ... by Richard
W. Reynolds. 1893.
</p>

<p>
92. Euripides' Tragedies. Translated into English verse, by
Arthur Saunders Way. 3 vol. 1894-98.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 3 vol., 1907; [Loeb] 4 vol., 1912-13.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: vol. 1, New York, 1894; vols. 2, 3, New
York, 1896; vols. 1, 2, New York, 1912; vols. 3, 4, New York,
1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
93. Euripides; Hercules Furens. A literal translation by
Richard W. Thomas. 1894.
</p>

<p>
94. Euripides' Andromache. Edited by Henry Clarke. 1895.
[Gk.-Eng.]
</p>

<p>
95. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated into English [prose] by
Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge. 1896.
</p>

<p>
96. Euripides' Alcestis. Edited with a translation by John H.
Haydon. 1896.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1902; 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
97. Euripides' Alcestis. Literally translated ... with test
papers by H. Sharpley. Cambridge. 1896.
</p>

<p>
98. Euripides' Bacchae, text edited with introduction, notes ...
by John Thompson and Bernard J. Hayes. A translation by
W. H. Balgarvie and Bernard J. Hayes. 1896.
</p>

<p>
99. Euripides' Alkestis performed in Greek at the Edinburgh
Academy.... Translated by G. B. Green and R. J. Mackensie.
Edinburgh. 1898.
</p>

<p>
100. Euripides' Hippolytus. Edited by John Thompson and
B. J. Hayes. 1898. [Gk.-Eng.] [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<pb n='054'/><anchor id='Pg054'/>

<p>
101. Euripides' Medea. Literally translated and ... explained
by T. Nash. Third Edition revised by R. Broughton.
1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Oxford Translations of the Classics]
</p>

<p>
102. Euripides' Medea. Edited with notes, and a translation
by W. C. Green. 1898. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
103. Euripides' Hecuba. Translated by W. H. Balgarvie.
1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [U. T. S.]
</p>

<p>
104. Euripides' Hippolytus. Translated by John Thompson
and B. J. Hayes. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
105. The Medea of Euripides. The lyrical parts done into
English. With introduction, notes ... by P. B. Halcombe. 1899.
12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
106. Euripides' Hecuba, with introduction, notes, text, and
translation. 1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
107. Euripides' Medea. Translated by J. F. Stout. 1901.
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
108. Euripides. Translated into English rhyming verse by Gilbert
Murray. 1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Athenian Drama for English Readers.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [English Drama Series] New York, 1902-03;
[English Drama Series] New York, 1903; New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
109. Euripides' Alcestis. Literally translated ... by St.
George Stock. 1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
110. Euripides' Iphigenia in Tauris. With introduction, text,
notes, vocabulary, and translation. Edited by J. Thompson,
A. F. Watt, G. F. H. Sykes. 1903. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial
Series]
</p>

<p>
111. The Alcestis of Euripides. Oxford text with an English
verse translation. By Sixth Form Boys of Bradfield College.
1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
112. Euripides' Bacchae, translated into English rhyming
verse with explanatory notes by Gilbert Murray. 1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1908; New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
113. Euripides' Heracleidae. Translated by H. Sharpley.
1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='055'/><anchor id='Pg055'/>

<p>
114. Euripides' Hippolytus. Translated into English rhyming
verse by Gilbert Murray. 1904. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1908; New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
115. Euripides' Electra. Translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes by Gilbert Murray. 1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
116. Euripides' Trojan Women. Translated into English
rhyming verse, with explanatory notes by Gilbert Murray.
1905. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1907; New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
117. Euripides' Plays. Vol. I. 1906. Vol. II. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Everyman] [Translation by Shelley, Milman, Potter, and
Wodhull.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1906, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
118. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated by H. Kynaston. Introduction
by J. Churton Collins. 1906. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
119. Euripides' Medea and Hippolytus, with an introduction,
translation, and notes, by Sidney Waterlow. 1906. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
120. Euripides' Medea. Translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes, by Gilbert Murray. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
121. Euripides' Iphigenia in Tauris. Translated into English
verse, with explanatory notes, by Gilbert Murray. 1910. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
122. Euripides' Plays. Translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes, by Gilbert Murray. 2 vol. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
123. Euripides' Rhesus. Translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes, by Gilbert Murray. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
124. The Alcestis of Euripides. The Greek text with English
verse translated parallel. By Sixth Form Boys of Bradfield
College. 1914. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
125. Euripides' Bacchae. A translation by F. A. Evelyn.
1914. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='056'/><anchor id='Pg056'/>

<p>
126. Euripides' Alcestis. Translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes, by Gilbert Murray. 1915. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Euripides' Alcestis. New York. 1852-55.
</p>

<p>
2. Euripides' Alcestis. Literally translated. Athens, Ga.
1852-55. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Euripides' Bacchae; text and translation in English verse
by A. Kerr. New York. 1899.
</p>

<p>
4. The Revellers; the choruses of the Bacchai of Euripides,
and the third book of Lucretius; translated into English verse
by Rev. R. E. McBridge. New York. 1909. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Euripides' Iphigenia in Tauris; an English version by
Witter Bynner. New York. 1915.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Heliodorus</head>

<p>
1. The amorous and tragical Tales of Plutarch, whereunto is
annexed the History of Cariclea and Theaginis and the Sayings of
the Greeke philosophers. Translated by Ja. Sanferd. 1567. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. An Aethiopian Historie written in Greek by Heliodorus:
very vvittie and pleasaunt, Englished by Thomas Vnderdoune.
With the Argument of Euery Booke, sette before the whole Worke.
Licensed to Caldecocke, 1568/9. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Corrected and Augmented, 1577; 1587; 1605; 1606;
1622; [Tudor Translations] 1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Introduction by C. Whibley] New York,
1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The beginning of Heliodorus his Aethiopical History. [In
A. Fraunce, The Countesse of Pembrokes Ynychurch] 1591. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Faire Aethiopian. Dedicated to the King and Queene.
By their Maiesties most humble Subiect and Seruant, William
L'isle. 1631. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [<q>augumented</q>] 1638.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='057'/><anchor id='Pg057'/>

<p>
5. The Aethiopian History of Heliodorus in Ten Books. The
first Five translated by a Person of Quality; the last Five by N.
Tate. To which are prefixed, The Testimonies of Writers, both
Ancient and Modern, concerning this work. 1685. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1687.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. The Adventures of Theagenes and Chariclia. 2 vol. 1717.
</p>

<p>
7. The Ethiopics: or, adventures of Theagenes and Chariclea
... trans. from the Greek, with notes, by R. Smith. [1848?].
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Bohn]
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Heraclitus Of Ephesus</head>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Fragments of the work on nature; translated from the
Greek text of Bywater; introduction by G. T. W. Patrick. Baltimore.
1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Herodian</head>

<p>
1. The History of Herodian, a Greeke Authour, treating of the
Romayne Emperors after Marcus, translated oute of Greeke into
Latin, by Angelus Politianus, and out of Latin into Englishe, by
Nicholas Smyth. Whereunto are annexed, the Argumentes of
euery Booke, at the begynnyng thereof, with Annotacions for the
better vnderstandynge of the same Historye. [1550?] 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Herodian in English. Licensed to T. Adams, by assignment
of R. Walley. October. 1591.
</p>

<p>
3. Herodian of Alexandria his History of twenty Roman Emperors
(of his time).... Interpreted out of the Greek Originall.
Colophon: Augustan Herodiani Historian vertebat I. M. [James
Maxwell?] 1629.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1635.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Herodian's History of the Roman Emperors; containing
many strange and wonderful Revolutions of State in Europe, Asia,
and Africa ... done from the Greek by a Gentleman at Oxford.
1698. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Herodian's History of his own Times, or of the Roman
Empire after Marcus. Translated with notes ... by J. Hart.
1749. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='058'/><anchor id='Pg058'/>

<p>
6. The Heir Apparent; or, the Life of Commodus: the son
and successor of the good M. Aurelius Antoninus ... from the
Greek of Herodian. With a preface adapted to the present time.
1789. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Herodotus</head>

<p>
1. The Famous Hystory of Herodotus. Conteyning the Discourse
of dyuers Countreys, the succession of their Kyngs: the
actes and exploytes atchieued by them: the Lavves and customes
of euery Nation: with the true Description and Antiquitie of the
same. Deuided into Nine Bookes, entituled vvith the names of
the nine Muses. [Books I, II] 1584. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL [Preface signed,
B. R.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Book II, Edit. by Andrew Lang] 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. History: Translated by Isaac Littlebury. 1709. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1729; 1737; Oxford, 1818.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Herodotus. Translated with notes, by William Beloe.
4 vol. 1791. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 4 vol., 1806; 4 vol., 1812; 4 vol., 1821; 2 vol., 1825;
3 vol., 1830; [Book II and part of Book IV] 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1820-52; 2 vol., New York,
1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Herodotus. Literally translated into English. 2 vol.
Oxford. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Herodotus. Translated by P. E. Laurent. 2 vol. 1827. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1837; 1846; 1849.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Translation of Herodotus by Isaac Taylor. 1829. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. A selection from the Histories of Herodotus, with a literal
interlinear translation ... notes. On the plan recommended by
Mr. Locke. 1830. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Herodotus' History. Translated by H. Cary. 1843. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Bohn]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1849; [Lubbock] 1891; 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Boston and New York, 1872-76; Boston
and New York, 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. History, Book I. 1846.
</p>

<pb n='059'/><anchor id='Pg059'/>

<p>
10. History, Book II. Translated by W. Lewers. 1849.
[Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
11. History, Book I. Literally translated by Henry Owgan.
1851. [Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
12. Herodotus' History. Translated by George Rawlinson,
Major-General Sir Henry Rawlinson, and Sir J. G. Wilkinson.
4 vol. 1858.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1862; [Everyman] 2 vol., 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 4 vol., New York, 1858-60; 4 vol., New
York, 1880; 2 vol., New York, 1897; [Historians of Greece]
New York, 1909; [Everyman Edited by E. H. Blakeney], 2 vol.,
New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Tale of the Great Persian War, from the histories of
Herodotus. By G. W. Cox. 1861. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1869.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. History. Translated by G. S. Swayne. 1870.
</p>

<p>
15. Urania. Book VIII of Herodotus. Translated into English
by John Murray. 1882. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Herodotus, Book I. With a literal critical translation.
Glascow. 1883. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Translation of Herodotus, Book V, with analysis and short
notes. 1884. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Erato: The Sixth Book of Herodotus' Histories. Translated
by Edmund S. Cooke. Second Ed. Cambridge and London.
1884. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Translation of Herodotus, Book VI, with analysis and
short notes. 1884. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Book VII literally translated with analysis and short
notes. By a First Class Man of Balliol. 1885. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Herodotus. Literally translated with analysis and short
notes. By a First Class Man of Balliol. 1885. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Book VIII. Translated by Peter John Gautillon. 1885. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Book VI, translated into English by Herbert Hailstone.
Cambridge. 1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='060'/><anchor id='Pg060'/>

<p>
24. History. Translated by George Campbell Macaulay.
2 vol. 1890. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. Books V and VI. Translated by John Gibson. 1890. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
26. Book IX. Translated by John Perkins. 1891. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1917.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Book IX, Chapters 1-89. Translated by Herbert Hailstone.
1891.
</p>

<p>
28. Book VI. Translated by John Thompson. 1892.
</p>

<p>
29. Book VIII, Chapters 1-90. Translated ... by Herbert
Hailstone. Cambridge. 1893. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Book III (Thalia). Translated by J. A. Prout. 1895. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
31. Book I. Literally translated by J. A. Prout. 1896. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Book II. Translated with test papers, by J. F. Stout.
1900. [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
33. History, Book II. Translated by J. A. Prout. 1901.
</p>

<p>
34. Book IV, Chapters 1-144. Translated by W. J. Woodhouse.
1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Histories, Books I-III. Translated by G. W. Harris.
1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Book VIII. Literally translated, with analysis, by a First
Class Man of Balliol College. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Histories, Books IV-VI. Translated by G. W. Harris.
1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
38. Histories, Books VII-IX. Translated by G. W. Harris.
1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
39. Herodotus. Translated by George Robinson. 2 vol.,
1910. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Hesiod</head>

<p>
1. The Georgicks of Hesiod, by George Chapman; translated
out of the greek: Containing Doctrine of Husbandrie, Moralitie,
and Pietie; with a perpetuall Calendar of Good and Bad Dates;
Not superstitious, but necessarie (as farre as naturall causes compell)
<pb n='061'/><anchor id='Pg061'/>
for all men to observe, and difference in following their affaires.
1618. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Works of Hesiod. Translated from the Greek [in
verse] by Mr. Cooke. 2 vol. 1728. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1740; 1743; [Anderson's Poets of Great Britain]
1792-94; [Lee's Grecian Authors] 1808; [Chalmer's English Poets]
1810; [Works of the Greek and Roman Poets] 1813; [British Poets]
1822.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Battle of the Gods and Titans; from the Theogony of
Hesiod. Translated by William Broome, LL.D. 1750. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Remains of Hesiod the Ascraean. Translated from
the Greek into English verse. With a preliminary dissertation,
and notes. By Charles Abraham Elton. 1809. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1815; [Lubbock] 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Hesiod.... Translated by James Banks. 1856. [See
Callimachus, No. 5.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Boston, Philadelphia, 1872-76; [Bohn]
New York, 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Hesiod and Theognis. Translated by James Davies. 1873.
[Ancient Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Philadelphia, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Poems and Fragments. Done into English prose, with an
introduction and appendix, by A. W. Mair. Oxford. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Hesiod, The Homeric Hymns and Homerica, with translation
by Hugh G. Evelyn-White. 1915. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Hints from the Works and Days, or, Moral, economical
and agricultural reflections of Hesiod. To which is added The
Praises of Rural Life, from Horace. <q>By an Officer of the U. S.
Treasury Department.</q> New York. 1883. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='062'/><anchor id='Pg062'/>

<div>
<head>Hippocrates</head>

<p>
1. Prognosticacion Drawen out of the Bookes of Ipocras,
Awicen, and other notable Auctours of Physycke, shewynge the
daunger of dyuers sicknesses, that is to say, whether peryll or
death be in them or not, the pleasure of almighty God reserved.
[1530?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. The aphorismes of Hippocrates; translated by Humfry
Llody. In John XXI, <hi rend='italic'>Pope</hi>, The Treasury of Healthe. [1550?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1585.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Presages of Diuine Hippocrates; translated by Peter
Lowe. 1597. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [In P. Lowe, A discourse of the whole art of Chyrurgerie.]
1612; 1634.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The whole Aphorismes of great Hippocrates Prince of
Physicians. 1610. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Aphorismes of Hippocrates.... With an exactable
shewing the substance of every aphorism, and a short comment on
each one.... 1655. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. The eight sections of Hippocrates' Aphorismes ... rendered
into English: according to the translation of A. Foesius....
1665. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Aphorismes of Hippocrates and the Sentences of Celsus,
with explanations ... C. J. Sprengell. 1708. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Genuine Works of Hippocrates. With a preliminary discourse
and notes. Francis Adams. 2 vol. New York. 1886.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: New York, 1891.</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Homer</head>

<p>
1. Ten books of Homers Iliades, translated out of French, by
Arthur Hall Esquire. 1581. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Penelopes Complaint: Or, A Mirrour for wanton Minions.
Taken out of Homers Odissea, and written in English Verse, by
Peter Colse. 1596. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='063'/><anchor id='Pg063'/>

<p>
3. Seauen bookes of the Iliades of Homere, prince of poets,
Translated according to the Greeke, in judgement of his best
Commentaries by George Chapman Gent. 1598. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Achilles Shield. Translated as the other seuen Bookes of
Homer, out of his eighteenth booke of Iliades. By George Chapman
Gent. 1598. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Homer, Prince of Poets: Translated according to the Greek,
in twelue Bookes of his Iliads, by Geo: Chapman. [1610?] Fol.
</p>

<p>
6. The Iliads of Homer Prince of Poets. Neuer before in any
language truely translated. With a Coment vppon some of his
chiefe places; Donne according to the Greeke By Geo: Chapman.
[1611] Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1612; [Notes by Taylor] 2 vol., 1843; [Intro. by
Henry Morley. In Morley's Universal Library] 1884, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Introduction by Henry Morley] New
York, 1887; [Knickerbocker Nuggets] 3 vol., New York, 1893;
[Ballads of the Nations] New York, 3 vol., 1895; New York,
1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Whole Works of Homer; Prince of Poetts. In his
Iliads, and Odysses. Translated according to the Greeke, By
Geo. Chapman, [c. 1612]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1616?]; [Notes by Richard Hooper] 1857, 1865;
5 vol. 1874, 4 vol. 1897; [Notes by Richard Herne Shepherd] 1871,
1875, 1892; [Temple Classics] 4 vol., 1897-98; [Thin Paper
Classics] 2 vol., 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Temple Classics] 4 vol., New York,
1897-8; [Caxton Series] 2 vol., New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The strange, vvonderfull and bloudy Battell betweene
Frogs and Mise: ... Paraphrastically done into English Heroycall
verse by W. F. CCC. 1613. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1634.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Homer's Odysses Translated according to y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Greeke by
Geo: Chapman. [1614?] Fol. [Books I-XII]
</p>

<p>
10. Homer's Odysses Translated according to y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Greeke. By
Geo: Chapman. [1615?] Fol. [Books I-XXIV]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1905.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='064'/><anchor id='Pg064'/>

<p>
11. The Crowne of all Homers Workes Batrachomyomachia
Or the Battaile of Frogs and Mise. His Hymn's&mdash;and&mdash;Epigrams
Translated according to y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> Originall. By George Chapman.
[1624?] Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Introduction by S. W. Singer] 1818; [Edit. by
Smith] 1858; [Edit. by Richard Hooper] 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Homers Iliads and Odisses, translated, adorned with
sculptures and illustrated with annotacions by John Ogelsby
[Licensed to Master Thom. Roycroft, April 18, 1656.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Iliad only] 1660; [Odyssey only] 1665; 2 vol., 1669.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Travels of Ulysses, as they were related by himself in
Homer's ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth Books of his Odysses,
to Alcinous, king of Phæacia. Translated into English verse by
Thomas Hobbes. 1673/74. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Homer's Iliads. Translated out of Greek into English
by Tho. Hobbes of Malmsbury. 1675. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Homer's Odysses. Translated by Thomas Hobbes of
Malmsbury. 1675. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprints of Nos. 14 and 15: 1675; 1676; 1677; 1683; 1685;
1686.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Homer in a Nut-shell, or his War between the Froggs and
the Mice Paraphrastically Translated in three Cantos by Samuel
Parker, Gent. 1700. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Iliad [Book I.] Translated by John Dryden. [Published
with The Fables.] 1700.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1713; 1721; 1734; 1745[?]; 1754; 1764; 1771;
1772; 1774.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Iliad. [Translated from the Greek to the French by
Madame Dacier; from the French to the English by Messrs.
Ozel, Broome, and Oldisworth.] 5 vols. 1712. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 5 vol., 1734.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. The Iliad of Homer. Translated by Mr. Pope. [With
notes partly by W. Broome.] (An Essay on the life, writings and
learning of Homer. [By T. Parnell.]) 6 vol., 1715-20.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1720; 1720-21; 1729; 1732; 1736; 1806; 1807;
1810; 1818; 1821; 1860; 1866; 1873; [Hector and Andromache]
<pb n='065'/><anchor id='Pg065'/>
1880; [Edit. by T. A. Buckley] 1891; 2 vol., 1893; [Intro. and
notes by J. S. Watson] [Books I-VIII] 1898; [Intro. and
notes by H. L. Earl] [English Classics for Schools] 3 vol., 1900;
[People's Library] 1909; 1912; [Books XXI-XXII] 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Hartford, Conn., 1852-55; [Edit. H. F.
Cary] New York, 1872; [Edit. J. S. Watson. Bohn Library]
New York and Philadelphia, 1872-76; [Scribner's Popular Poets]
New York, 1872-76; [Chandos Classics] New York, 1872-76;
New York, 1872-76; New York, 1875; [Lovell's Library] New
York, 1880, 1884; [Seaside Library] New York, 1880; 2 vol.,
Chicago, 1893; [Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit. Warwick
James Price. Student's Series of English Classics.] Boston, 1896;
[Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit. W. H. Maxwell and Percival
Chubb. Longman's English Classics.] New York, 1896; [Books
I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Eclectic English Classics.] New York,
1896; [Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Notes. Riverside Literature
Series.] Boston, 1896; [Books I, VI, XII, XXIV. Edit. W.
Tappan. Standard English Classics.] New York, 1898; [Books
I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit. P. Gentner. Cambridge Literature
Series.] Boston, 1899; [Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit.
W. W. Cressy and W. V. Moody. Lake English Classics] Chicago
1899; [Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit. A. H. Smyth.
Pocket English Classics.] New York, 1899; [Books I, VI, XXII,
XXIV. Edit. P. Storey. English Classics.] Boston, 1899;
[Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV. Edit. F. E. Shoup and I. Ball]
Baltimore, Md. 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. The First Book of Homer's Iliad. Translated by Mr.
[Thomas] Ticknell. 1715. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [In Johnson's Works of the English Poets] 1779,
1790.</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Batrachomyomachia. Translated by Dr. Thomas Parnell.
1717. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1772.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [The Minor Poems of Homer. Battle of the
Frogs and Mice; Hymns and Epigrams: translated by Parnell,
Chapman, Shelley, Congreve, and Hole. Introductions by H. N.
<pb n='066'/><anchor id='Pg066'/>
Coleridge, and a translation (by K. R. H. Mackenzie) of the life of
Homer attributed to Herodotus.] New York, 1872.</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Odyssey. [Book XI] By Elijah Fenton. [In his Poetical
Works] 1717. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. The Odyssey of Homer. [Translated into English verse
by Pope, W. Broome, and E. Fenton; with notes by W. Broome.]
(A general view of the Epic poem, and of the Iliad and Odyssey,
extracted from Bossu. Postscript, by Mr. Pope. Homer's Battle
of the Frogs and Mice [translated by T. Parnell], corrected by
Mr. Pope.) 5 vol. 1725-26.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1725-26; 1745; 1758; 1760; 1763; 1768; 1771;
1778; 1805; 1811; 1811; 1853; 1858; 1870; 1873.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Hartford, Conn. 1852-55; [Edit. J. S.
Watson. Bohn Library.] Boston and Philadelphia, 1872-76;
[Chandos Library] New York, 1872-76; 3 vol., New York, 1872-76;
[Edit. H. F. Cary] New York, 1872; [Lovell's Library] New
York, 1880, 1884.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprints of Pope's translation of the Iliad and Odyssey published
together: 1732; 1736; 1743; 1750; 1750-52; Glasgow, 1753;
1759; 1760; 1763; Edinburgh, 1769; 1771; Glasgow, 1771-72;
[British Poets] 1773; 1774; [Johnson's Works of the English
Poets] 1779-81; 1780; 1783; [Notes by Wakefield] 1796; 1800;
1801; 1801; 1802; 1805-06; 1809-10; [Chalmer's English
Poets] 1810; [Works of the Greek and Roman Poets] 1813; 1817;
[British Poets] 1822; [Sandford's Works of the British Poets]
1822; 1833; [Edit. Henry Francis Cary] 1872, 1890, [Lubbock's
Books] 1891, 1897; [Edit. Theodore Alois Buckley] 1874, 1875,
1890, 1894; 1896; [World's Classics] 2 vol., 1902-03; [Edit.
A. J. Church] 2 vol., 1906-07.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints of Pope's translation of the Iliad and Odyssey
published together: [Notes by W. C. Armstrong] Philadelphia, 1880;
[Edit. T. A. Buckley. In Albion Poets.] New York, 1894;
[Intro. A. J. Church] 2 vol., 1907; [Edit. (Odyssey) E. S. Shumway
and Waldo Shumway, (Iliad) C. Elbert Rhodes] New York, 1911-12.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Batrachomyomachia. H. Price. 1736. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. Iliad, Book I. H. Fitz-Cotton. 1749. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='067'/><anchor id='Pg067'/>

<p>
26. Iliad, Parts of Books X and XI, in imitation of the style
of Milton. Dr. W. Broome. [In Poems on Several Occasions]
1750. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Iliad, Book VIII. S. Ashwick. 1750. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
28. Iliad translated from the Greek into blank verse. With
notes, pointing out the peculiar beauties of the original and the
imitations of it by succeeding poets. With remarks on Mr. Pope's
admired version. Book I, being a specimen of the whole, which
is to follow. Samuel Langley. 1767.
</p>

<p>
29. The Iliad. Translated [in prose] by James Macpherson.
2 vol., 1773. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Hymn to Venus. [Translated by W. Congreve] [In
Johnson's English Poets]. 1779-81.
</p>

<p>
31. Hymn to Ceres, translated into English verse. By Robert
Lucas. 1781.
</p>

<p>
32. Hymn to Venus, translated from the Greek, with notes,
by I. Rittson. 1788.
</p>

<p>
33. The Iliad and Odyssey of Homer, translated into English
blank verse, by William Cowper. (The Battle of the Frogs and
the Mice translated into English blank verse by the same hand.)
2 vol., 1791. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 4 vol., 1802; 4 vol., 1810; 4 vol., 1836; [Edit. L.
Howard] 1843; [Odyssey only.] [Everyman] 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1855-58; 2 vol., New York,
1872-76; [Iliad only] New York, 1872-76; [Odyssey only. Everyman.]
1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
34. The First Book of the Iliad of Homer, verbally rendered
into English verse; being a specimen of a new translation
of the poet: with critical annotations. [By Alexander Geddes]
1792. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Select translations from the works of Homer [Iliad] and
Horace; with original poems. By Gilbert Thompson. 1801. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
36. Homer's Works in English. 12 vol., 1805-06. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. The First Book of the Iliad; translated into blank verse
by P. Williams. 1806. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='068'/><anchor id='Pg068'/>

<p>
38. Specimen of an English Homer in blank verse. [Being a
translation of Iliad I 1-222 and VI 404-496.] 1807.
</p>

<p>
39. The Iliad of Homer, Translated into English Blank Verse.
By the Rev. James Morrice, A.M. 2 vol., 1809.
</p>

<p>
40. A Translation of the Twenty-Fourth Book of the Iliad of
Homer. [By C. Lloyd] Birmingham. 1807. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Odyssey: [Translated into English verse.] 1811. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
42. The First Book of Homer's Iliad. [Verses 1-171 translated
into English verse by R. Morehead.] [Place?] 1814.
</p>

<p>
43. Iliad translated into English prose. By a Graduate of
the University of Oxford. 2 vol., Oxford. 1821. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1825; 1833.</hi>
</p>

<p>
44. Odyssey translated into English prose, as literally as the
different idioms of the Greek and English languages will allow.
With explanatory notes. By a Member of the University of
Oxford. 2 vol., 1823. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. Iliad: New translation with notes by Blank Blank, Esq.,
Pt. I [Books I and II]. 1825. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
46. Iliad: Book I: with literal translation on the plan recommended
by Mr. Locke. 2 Parts. 1827-28. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
47. The First Book of the Iliad; the parting of Hector and
Andromache; and the Shield of Achilles. Specimens of a new
version of Homer by W. Sotheby. 1830. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Homer's Iliad, translated by William Sotheby. 2 vol.,
1831. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1834.</hi>
</p>

<p>
49. The First Book of the Iliad, translated by [William John]
Blew. 1831.
</p>

<p>
50. Iliad: First six books; with literal prose translation.
Cambridge. 1833.
</p>

<p>
51. The Odyssey of Homer, translated by William Sotheby.
2 vol., 1834. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
52. Odyssey, Book XI, literally translated. Cambridge. 1834.
</p>

<p>
53. Homer's Iliad. 1841.
</p>

<pb n='069'/><anchor id='Pg069'/>

<p>
54. Homer's Iliad. 3 vols. 1846.
</p>

<p>
55. Homer's Iliad, translated by Bryce. 1847.
</p>

<p>
56. Iliad, translated by T. S. Brandreth. 1849.
</p>

<p>
57. Homeric Ballads [from the Odyssey]; with Translation
and notes by the late W. Maginn. [Edit. by J. C., i.e., J. Conington?]
1850. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [With Lucian's Comedies], Mass.,
1855-58.</hi>
</p>

<p>
58. Iliad and Odyssey, literally translated in prose by Theodore
Alois Buckley. 2 vol., 1851. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Iliad only] 1909-1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Iliad] New York, 1856; New York,
1884; [Books I-IX, Intro, by E. Brooks, Jr.] Philadelphia,
1896; [Odyssey] New York, 1861; New York, 1872-6; [Books
I-III, Intro. by E. Brooks, Jr.] Philadelphia, 1896.</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Iliad, translated in unrhymed English metre by F. W.
Newman. 1856.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1871.</hi>
</p>

<p>
60. The Iliad of Homer, literally rendered in Spenserian stanza
by W. G. T. Barter. 1857.
</p>

<p>
61. Iliad translated by J. C. Wright. Vol. I., 1858, Vol. II,
1865.
</p>

<p>
62. The Odyssey translated into Spenserian stanza by P. S.
Worsley. 1861-62.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edit. by Conington] 2 vol., 1868; 2 vol., 1877;
1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
63. Odyssey, Books I-XII. H. Alford. 1861.
</p>

<p>
64. Odyssey, translated into blank verse by T. S. Norgate.
1862.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1865.</hi>
</p>

<p>
65. Iliad, Books XX-XXII, with a literal translation and
English notes. 1862. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
66. Iliad, translated by J. H. Dart. 1862-65. [In hexameters]
</p>

<p>
67. Iliad. [Anonymous. In hexameters.] 1862.
</p>

<pb n='070'/><anchor id='Pg070'/>

<p>
68. The Iliad; or, Achilles' Wrath at the siege of Ilion. Translated
into dramatic blank verse by T. S. Norgate. 1864. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. The Iliad rendered into English blank verse by Earl Derby.
2 vol., 1864.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1867; 2 vol., 1876; [New Universal Library]
1907; [Everyman] 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 2 vol., New York, 1865; New York, 1870;
Philadelphia, 1872-76; Philadelphia, 1880; [New Universal Library]
New York, 1907; [Everyman] New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
70. The Iliad translated in English hexameters by Edwin W.
Simcox. 1865. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. Odyssey. Translated by G. Musgrave. 1865. [In blank
verse]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1869.</hi>
</p>

<p>
72. Iliad, Book I. Translated by C. S. Simms. 1866.
</p>

<p>
73. Iliad, translated by Sir J. F. W. Herschel. 1866.
</p>

<p>
74. Iliad, translated by Philip Stanhope Worsley. Edit. by
Conington. 2 vol. 1868. [Spenserian Stanza]
</p>

<p>
75. Odyssey, Books V and IX. E. D. Witt. 1869.
</p>

<p>
76. Odyssey. Translated by G. W. Edgington. 2 vol., 1869.
[Blank verse]
</p>

<p>
77. Iliad, translated by Charles Merivale. 2 vol., 1869.
[Rhymed verse]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
78. Odyssey. Translated by Lovelace Bigge-Wither. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1877.</hi>
</p>

<p>
79. Iliad. W. L. Collins. 1869. [Ancient Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Philadelphia, 1870.</hi>
</p>

<p>
80. Odyssey. Translated by W. L. Collins. 1870. [Ancient
Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1870.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1870, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
81. Iliad. Translated by John Graham Cordery. 2 vol.,
1870. [Blank verse. Greek-English] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1886; 2 vol., 1890.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='071'/><anchor id='Pg071'/>

<p>
82. Iliad. Book I. Rendered into English hexameters by
T. F. Barham. 1871. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
83. Iliad, Book I. Translated into English hexameters by
M. W. Adams. [1873] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
84. Iliad, Books XXIII and XXIV. Translated with notes
by E. S. Crooke. 1873.
</p>

<p>
85. Iliad [Six books] translated by C. S. Simms. 1873.
[Fourteen syllable verse]
</p>

<p>
86. Homer's Iliad, Book I. Also passages from Virgil [and
also Aristophanes, Moschus and Catullus]. By M. P. W. Boulton.
1875.
</p>

<p>
87. Iliad and Odyssey. Translated by M. Barnard. 2 vol.,
1876.
</p>

<p>
88. The Iliad Homometrically translated by C. B. Cayley.
1876.
</p>

<p>
89. The Similies of Homer's Iliad, translated with an Introduction
and Notes by W. C. Green. [With Greek text] 1877. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
90. Iliad, Books IX-XXIV. Translated by Roscoe Mongan.
4 vol., 1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Books XIII-XVIII] 1879; [Books XIX-XXIV]
1879; [Book XXI] 1879.</hi>
</p>

<p>
91. Iliad, complete. Books I-VIII translated by Charles William
Bateman; Books IX-XXIV translated by Roscoe Mongan.
[Mongan's translation is a reprint of No. 90.] 1881. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
92. Odyssey. Translated by Roscoe Mongan. 1879-80.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Books I-VI] 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
93. Odyssey, translated by George Augustus Schomberg. 2
vol. 1879-82. [Books I-XII, 1879; Books XIII-XXIV, 1882]
</p>

<p>
94. Odyssey, translated by Samuel Henry Butcher and Andrew
Lang, with an Introduction by Andrew Lang. 1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1879; New York, 1900;
[Abridged Edition. Pocket English and American Classics] New
York, 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
95. Iliad, Books XIII and XIV, translated by Herbert Hailstone.
2 vol., Cambridge. 1880.
</p>

<pb n='072'/><anchor id='Pg072'/>

<p>
96. Odyssey, translated with notes by Charles du Cane. Edinburgh
and London. 1880. [Books I-XII]
</p>

<p>
97. The Odyssey translated by Avia. [Arthur Saunders
Way] 1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
98. Iliad, translated by Herbert Hailstone. 1882. [Books
XIII and XIV are reprints of No. 95.]
</p>

<p>
99. Iliad, Books I-V, translated by Thomas Allen Blyth.
Oxford. 1883.
</p>

<p>
100. Iliad translated by Andrew Lang, Walter Leaf, and Ernest
Myers. 1883. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1883; New York, 1892;
New York, 1900; [Abridged Edition. Pocket English and American
Classics] New York, 1905; New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
101. Iliad [Books I-XII] translated by William Charles
Green. [Greek-English] 1884. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
102. Iliad translated by Arthur Saunders Way. 2 vol., 1885-88.
4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Books I-XII, 1885; Books XIII-XXIV, 1888.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1890; 2 vol., 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
103. Iliad, Books I-IV, translated by Henry Smith Wright.
1885. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [In hexameters]
</p>

<p>
104. Iliad, Books XXI-XXII, with notes and translation by
a Graduate. 1885. [Greek-English]
</p>

<p>
105. Odyssey, Books I-XII, translated by the Earl of Carnarvon.
1886. [Books V and XI were privately printed in
1880.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
106. Iliad, Book XVI, with an introduction, notes, and translation
by Augustus Constable Maybury. 1886. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
107. Odyssey, translated by William Morris. 2 vol., 1887. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [In Poetical Works] 1896-97.</hi>
</p>

<p>
108. Iliad, with plays of Aeschylus and Sophocles. Introduction
by Henry Morley. 1888. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='073'/><anchor id='Pg073'/>

<p>
109. Iliad, Book XXII, with notes and translation by John
Henry Freese. 1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With Book XXIV]. 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
110. Odyssey. Book IV, translated by A. F. Burnet and John
Thompson. 1891.
</p>

<p>
111. Odyssey, Books IX-XIV, translated by John Hampden
Hyden and Arthur Hadrian Allcroft. 1891. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
112. Homeric Hymns translated by John Edgar. Edinburgh.
1891.
</p>

<p>
113. Batrachomyomachia, or the Battle of the Frogs and
the Mice. Translated by H. Morgan-Brown. North Finchley.
1891. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
114. Iliad, edited with an introduction by Evelyn Abbott.
Translation by John Purves. 1891.
</p>

<p>
115. Odyssey, Book IX, translated by Talbot Sydenham Peppin.
1893. [Greek-English]
</p>

<p>
116. Iliad, Book XXII, translated by Richard Williams Reynolds.
1893. [Greek-English]
</p>

<p>
117. Homer's Odyssey, Books V-VIII. William Cudworth.
Darlington. 1893. [Privately printed]
</p>

<p>
118. The Battle of the Frogs and the Mice. Translated by
Jane Barlow. 1894. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
119. Sample passages from a new prose translation of the
Odyssey by Samuel Butler. Edinburgh. 1894. [Book I, ll.
1-100; XXIV, ll. 19-124]
</p>

<p>
120. Iliad, Book XXIV, translated by Richard Moody Thomas.
1894.
</p>

<p>
121. Iliad, Books XXII-XXIII, translated by John Henry
Freese. 1894. [Book XXII is a reprint of No. 109.]
</p>

<p>
122. Iliad, Books I, VI, and IX, translated by William Cudworth.
Darlington. 1895. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
123. Odysseus in Phæacia [Odyssey VI] translated by John
William Mackail. 1896.
</p>

<pb n='074'/><anchor id='Pg074'/>

<p>
124. Odyssey, translated by J. G. Cordery. 1897. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
125. The Iliad. Rendered into English Prose for the use of
those who cannot read the original, by Samuel Butler. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
126. Iliad, Books XXII-XXIV, translated with test papers,
by W. J. Woodhouse and R. M. Thomas. 1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
127. Odyssey translated into English verse by John William
Mackail. 1903-10. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Books I-VIII, 1903; Books IX-XVI,
1905; Books XVII-XXIV, 1910.]
</p>

<p>
128. Iliad, Book XXIV, literally translated with notes by
E. S. Crooke. 1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
129. Iliad; translated into English prose by E. H. Blakeney.
1905-13. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Books I and II, XXIV, 1905; Books II-IV,
1906; Books V-VI, VII-VIII, 1908; Books IX-X, XI-XII, 1909;
Books XIII-XIV, 1911; Books XV-XVI, XVII-XVIII, 1912;
Books XIX-XX, XXI-XXII, 1913]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1910-1913 [Vol. I,
Books I-XII; Vol. II, Books XIII-XXIV.]</hi>
</p>

<p>
130. Odyssey, Books IX-X, translated by A. Jagger. 1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
131. Odyssey. A Line-for-line translation in the metre of the
original. By H. B. Cotterill. 1911. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Boston, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
132. The Toils and Travels of Odysseus, [Odyssey] Translated
by C. A. Pease. 1916. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Homer's Iliad, translated by William Mumford of Virginia.
Boston. 1846. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Richmond, Va., 1852-55.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Homer's Iliad, with an interlinear translation by Hamilton
and Clark. Philadelphia. 1855-58. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Philadelphia, 1888, 1896.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='075'/><anchor id='Pg075'/>

<p>
3. Diomede: From the Iliad of Homer. By W. R. Smith.
New York. 1869. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Iliad. Translated into English verse. By W. G. Calacleugh.
Philadelphia. 1870. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Homer's Iliad. Translated into English Blank Verse. By
W. C. Bryant. 2 vol. Boston. 1870.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Boston, 1883, 4 vol., 1905, [Abridged by Sarah E.
Simmons] 1916, 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Homer's Odyssey translated by W. C. Bryant. 2 vol.
Boston. 1871. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Boston, 1883, [Ulysses among the Phaeacians] 1889,
[Student's Edition] 1898, 4 vol., 1905, [Riverside Literature Series,
Books I, VI, XXII, XXIV] 1899.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Homer translated into English verse by W. C. Bryant. Boston.
1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Achilles' Wrath: Composite translation of Book I of the
Iliad; by P. R. Johnson. Boston. 1872-76.
</p>

<p>
8. Homer's Odyssey; Books I-XII: text and English version
in rhythmic prose, by George Herbert Palmer. Boston. 1884. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Homer's Odyssey translated into English rhythmic prose
by George Herbert Palmer. Boston. 1891. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Boston, 1893, [Abridged School Edition: Riverside
Literature Series] 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Homer's Iliad. Metrical translation by G. Howland. Boston.
1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Homer's Iliad, Books I-VI. New York. 1889. [Handy
Literal Translation]
</p>

<p>
12. Homer: Song of Demeter and her daughter Persephone:
Peter's translation. Chicago. 1902. 32<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Iliad of Homer; translated into English hexameter verse
by Prentiss Cummings; abridgment which includes all the main
story and the most celebrated passages. 2 vol. Boston. 1910. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. The Women of the Iliad; a metrical translation of the
first book and of other passages in which women appear, by Hugh
Woodruff Taylor. New York. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='076'/><anchor id='Pg076'/>

<p>
15. The Iliad of Homer: translated into English blank verse,
by Arthur Gardner Lewis. 2 vol. New York. 1912. 2<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Homer's Iliad. (Student's Interlinear Translation) New
York, 1917.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Hyperides</head>

<p>
1. The Orations against Athenogenes and Philippides, edited
with a translation by Frederic G. Kenyon. 1893.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Isaeus</head>

<p>
1. The Speeches of Isaeus in causes concerning the law of
succession to property at Athens. [Translated from the Greek.]
With a prefatory discourse, notes critical and historical, and a
commentary, by W. Jones. 1779. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Isocrates</head>

<p>
1. Orations; translated from Greek into English by Richard
Sadleir. [No date] Fol.
</p>

<p>
2. The Doctrinal of Princes made by the Noble oratour Isocrates,
and translated out of Greke in to Englishe by syr Thomas
Eliot knight. [Title border dated 1534] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [There is another London edition but no date is given.]</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Godly aduertisement or good counsell of the famous
orator Isocrates, intitled Parænesis to Demonicus: whereto is
annexed Cato in olde Englysh meter. Anno Do. M.D.LVII.
Mense Decemb. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL [Translated by John Bury]
</p>

<p>
4. Esocrates to Demonicus. [Licensed to Owen Rogers, 30
May, 1560.]
</p>

<p>
5. The extract of Epistles, out of Isocrates. [In Abraham
Fleming's A Panoplie of Epistles. 1576. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>]
</p>

<p>
6. A perfite looking Glasse for all Estates: Most excellently
and eloquently set forth by the famous and learned Oratour Isocrates,
as contained in three Orations of Morall instructions,
written by the Authour himselfe at the first in the Greeke tongue,
of late yeeres. Translated into Lataine by that learned Clearke
<pb n='077'/><anchor id='Pg077'/>
Hieronimus Wolfius. And now Englished to the behalfe of the
Reader, with sundrie examples and pithy sentences both of Princes
and Philosophers gathered and collected out of diuers writers,
coted in the margent approbating the Authours intent, no less
delectable then profitable. 1580. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL [Epistle dedicatorie
signed Thomas Forrest, translator]
</p>

<p>
7. Oration intitled Evagoras by Jer. Wolfe. 1581. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The good admonition of the Sage Isocrates, to young Demonicus;
translated from the Greek by Richard Nuttall. 1585. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Archidamus, or, the Councell of Warre. Being 2000 yeares
old, and written by Isocrates the couragious Orator, translated
by Tho: Barnes. 1624. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Advice to a young Gentleman. Writ in Greek by Isocrates,
the famous Athenian Oratour; and lately made English for
the use of schools. 1696. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Epicurus's Morals. Translated from the Greek [or rather
from the French] by J. Digby. With comments and reflections
taken out of several authors [or rather by J. Parrain] Also Isocrates,
his advise to Demonicus, done out of Greek by the same hand. To
which is added an essay on Epicurus's Morals ... by ... St. Evremont
... made English by Mr. Johnson. 1712. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Edited by J. Tela] 1822.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Advice of Isocrates to Demonicus a Nobleman.&mdash;His
discourse to a Prince on Kingly Government.&mdash;Translated from
the Greek. [In the Prince's Cabala; or Mysteries of State. Written
by King James [I] 1715.] 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Duty of a King and his People, being two Orations
of Isocrates. [Translated by J. Brown] 1735. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Orations and Epistles of Isocrates translated from Greek
by Joshua Dinsdale. Revised by Rev. Mr. Young. 1752. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Isocrates's Oration to Demonicus. S. Toulmin, A.M.
[Published with Sermons principally addressed to Youth]
1770. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Orations out of Lysias and Isocrates, translated from the
Greek by John Gillies, LL.D. 1778. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='078'/><anchor id='Pg078'/>

<p>
17. The Panegyric of Isocrates translated by James Rice.
1882.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. The Panegyric of Isocrates translated by George Wilkins.
1881.
</p>

<p>
19. The Orations of Isocrates, translated by John Henry
Freese. 1894.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Panegyricus. University Tutorial Series] 1900.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Longinus</head>

<p>
1. περι Υψους. Or, Dionysius Longinus of the Height of
Eloquence, Rendered out of the originall by J. H(all). 1662. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. A Treatise of Loftiness or Elegancy of Speech. Written
originally in Greek ... and now translated out of French by Mr.
J[ohn] P[ulteney]. 1698. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. An Essay upon sublime Style, translated from the Greek of
Longinus, the Rhetoritian; compared with the French of Sieur
Boileau-Despréaux. 1698. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. A Treatise of the Sublime. [In a Translation of the works
of Boileau. Vol. II.] 1711. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Works of Dionysius Longinus On the Sublime: ...
translated from the Greek, with some remarks of the English
Poets. By Mr. Welsted. 1712. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1724.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Dionysius Longinus On the Sublime. Translated with
notes ... by W. Smith. 1743.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1751; 1756; 1770.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Longinus translated again. By a Graduate of Trinity
College, Dublin. Dublin. 1821. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Longinus [translated by an] M. A. Of Oxford. 1830. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. A treatise of the sublime. Translated by Tim. Hathaway.
1835. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. On the Sublime, translated with notes by W. T. Spurdens.
1836. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='079'/><anchor id='Pg079'/>

<p>
11. On the Sublime. Translated with notes by D. B. Hickie.
1838.
</p>

<p>
12. On the Sublime. 1864.
</p>

<p>
13. On the Sublime. Translated by Thomas R. R. Stebbing.
Oxford. 1867.
</p>

<p>
14. On the Sublime. Translated by Dr. and H. A. Giles.
1873.
</p>

<p>
15. The Poetics of Aristotle. Together with the treatise on
the Sublime by Longinus. Edited by Henry Morley. 1889.
[National Library.]
</p>

<p>
16. On the Sublime; translated by H. S. Havell, with introduction
by Andrew Lang. 1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1890.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. On the Sublime. Greek text ... Introduction, facsimile,
translation, ... by W. Rhys Roberts. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1899.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. On the Sublime. Translated by A. O. Prickard. With
introduction, notes and appendix. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1906.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Longus</head>

<p>
1. Daphnis and Chloe excellently describing the weight of
affection, the simplicitie of love, the purport of honest meaning,
the resolution of men, and disposition of Fate, finished in a Pastorall,
and interlaced with the praises of a most peerlesse Princesse, wonderfull
in maiestie, and rare in perfection, celebrated within the
same Pastoral, and therefore termed by the name of the Shepheards
Holidaie. By Angell Daye. 1587. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1890.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New Rochelle, N. Y., 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Daphnis and Chloe. A most sweet and pleasant pastorall
romance for young ladies. [Translated] by G. Thornley. 1656. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1893.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='080'/><anchor id='Pg080'/>

<p>
3. The Pastoral Amours of Daphnis and Chloe ... Translated
into English. 1720. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1733.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Daphnis and Chloe, a pastoral Novel, now first selectly
translated into English from the original Greek of Longus. (By
the Rev. C. P. Le Grice) 1804. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Amours of Daphnis and Chloe.... Translated with
notes by R. Smith. 1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Daphnis and Chloe, a pastoral romance. 1890.
</p>

<p>
7. Daphnis and Chloe. [Translated from the French of J.
Amyot] 1896.
</p>

<p>
8. The Story of Daphnis and Chloe. A Greek Pastoral.
Edited with text, introduction, translation and notes, by W. D.
Lowe. 1908. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Daphnis and Chloe. English translation by George
Thornley, revised and augmented by J. M. Edmonds. [Contains
also] The Love Romances of Parthenius, etc. English
translation by S. Gaselee. 1916. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1916.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Lucian</head>

<p>
1. A Dialogue betweene Lucian and Diogenes of the life harde
and sharpe, and of the lyfe tendre and delicate. [Translated by
Sir Thomas Eliot] [No date] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Necromantia. A dialog of the Poet Lucyan, for his fantesye
faynyd for a mery pastime, and furst by hym compylyd owt of
the Greke into Latyn, and now lately translaytyd owt of Laten
into Englissh for the erudicion of them, which be disposyd to lerne
the tongis. [No date] [<q>Johannes Rastell me fieri fecit</q> is on
the margin of the title page.]
</p>

<p>
3. Toxaris, or the friendship of Lucian; [dedication to A. S.
from A. O.]. 1565. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Certaine select Dialogues of Lucian; together with his
true historie, Translated from the Greeke into English By Mr.
Francis Hickes. Whereunto is added the life of Lucian gathered
<pb n='081'/><anchor id='Pg081'/>
out of his owne Writings, with briefe Notes and Illustrations upon
each Dialogue and Booke, by T. H., Mr of Arts of Christ-Church
in Oxford. Oxford. 1634. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With additional dialogues translated by Dr. Mayne]
1663; 1664.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Introduction by C. Whibley] New York,
1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Pleasant Dialogues and Dramma's, selected out of Lucian,
Erasmus, Texter, Ovid, &amp;c. 1637. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. [Dialogus: Lovers of Lyes. Printed in Quest of Witch-Craft
Debated. By John Wagstaffe. Translated by some one else. 1669.]
</p>

<p>
7. Lucian: Works. Translated out of Greek by Ferrand
Spence. [4 vol.] 1684.
</p>

<p>
8. Selections translated by Walter Moyle. 1710. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1727.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Works translated out of Greek by several eminent hands.
[Life and Discourse on Lucian by John Dryden.] 1711. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1745.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Triumphs of the Gout and Gymnastic Exercises, translated
from Lucian by Gilbert West [In his Odes of Pindar]. 1753. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Lucian's Dialogues. From the Greek. [By J. Carr]
5 vol., 1774.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1798.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Works of Lucian, from the Greek, by T. Francklin.
2 vol., 1780. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 4 vol., 1781; [Trips to the Moon] 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. A new literal translation of Stock's Lucian ... with a few
notes by D. B. Hickie, Dublin. 1818. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Lucian from the Greek, with the comments and illustrations
of Willand and others. W. Tooke. 2 vol., 1820. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. A literal translation of Walker's Lucian, with many useful
notes ... By D. B. Hickie. Dublin. 1829. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Selections from Lucian: literal translation ... By a Graduate
of the University. [J. P. P.] Dublin. 1845. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Selections. 1852.
</p>

<pb n='082'/><anchor id='Pg082'/>

<p>
18. Works. [Selections] W. Lucas Collins. 1873. [Ancient
Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Ancient Classics] Philadelphia, 1873.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Lucian's Dialogues, translated by Howard Williams. 1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1888; [Handy Literal Translations]
2 vol., New York, 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Dialogues and Somnium, translated by Roscoe Mongan
and J. A. Prout. 1890.
</p>

<p>
21. The Dream, Charon, The Fisher, Mourning. Literally
translated. 1890.
</p>

<p>
22. Six Dialogues translated by Sidney Thomas Irwin. 1894.
</p>

<p>
23. Luciani Somnium et Piscator translated ... by W. Armour.
1895.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Lucian literally and completely translated for the first
time from the Greek text of C. Jacobitz. Athens [i.e. London]:
Privately printed for the Athenian Society. 1895.
</p>

<p>
25. Somnium and Piscator ... by Herbert Hailstone. Cambridge.
1895.
</p>

<p>
26. Menippus and Timon. Translated by J. A. Nicklin.
1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Works. With an English translation by A. M. Harmon.
2 vol., 1913-1915. [Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb Classical Library] 2 vol., New York,
1913-1915.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Selections from Lucian; translated by E. J. Smith. New
York. 1892.
</p>

<p>
2. Lucian, a second century satirist; or, dialogues and stories;
translated with introduction and notes by W. D. Sheldon. Philadelphia.
1901.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Lysias</head>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Lysias' Orations. New York. 1889. [Handy Literal Translations]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='083'/><anchor id='Pg083'/>

<div>
<head>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus</head>

<p>
1. Marcus Aurelius Antoninus the Roman Emperor, his
Meditations concerning Himselfe: treating of a naturall Mans
happinesse; Wherein it consisteth, and of the meanes to attaine
unto it. Translated out of the Originall Greeke; with Notes:
by Meric Casaubon, B. of D. and Prebendarie of Christ Church,
Canterbury. 1634. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1635; 1664; 1673; [With Life from the French of
Dacier, by W. King] 1692, 1694, 1702.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Temple Classics] New York, 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Emperor Marcus Antoninus, his conversation with himself.
Together with the preliminary discourse of the learned
Gataker, as also the Emperor's life written by M. D'Acier, and
supported by the authorities collected by Dr. Stanhope. To
which is added, the mythological picture of Cebes the Theban....
Translated into English from the respective originals by Jeremy
Collier. 1701. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1708; 1726; [Revised by Alice Zimmern] 1887;
1905; [With The Apology of Tertullian translated and annotated
by W. Reeve.] 1889, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Edited by Alice Zimmern] 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Meditations of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
newly translated from the Greek: with notes, and an account
of his life. Glasgow. 1742. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Translated by Foulis?]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., Glasgow, 1749; Glasgow, 1752; Glasgow,
1764; [Revised by George W. Chrystal] Edinburgh, 1902, 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Commentaries of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antoninus.
Translated by James Thomson. 1747. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Glasgow, 1747; 1766.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Meditations, translated by M'Cormac. 1844.
</p>

<p>
6. Thoughts. Translated by George Long. 1862.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1869; 1890; [Pocket Book Classics] 1901; [York
Library] 1905; [New Universal Library] 1906; [People's Library]
1908; 1909; [Harrap Library] 1909; 1910; [Red Letter Library]
1910; 1910; 1912; [Bohn's Popular Library] 1913.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='084'/><anchor id='Pg084'/>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Library of the World's Best Books] New
York, 1890; New York, 1891; [Classics for Children] New York,
1893; [Elia Series] New York, 1895; [Illustrated Library of
Famous Books] New York, 1897; [York Library] New York,
1905; [Bell's Pocket Classics] New York, 1905; [New Universal
Library] New York, 1907; [Handy Volume Classics] New York,
1907; [Bohn's Popular Library] New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Marcus Aurelius Antoninus to Himself: English Translation
with Introduction, and a Study on Stoicism and the last of
the Stoics. By Gerald H. Rendall. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Golden Treasury Series] 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Meditations, translated by R. Graves. 1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Standard
Library]
</p>

<p>
9. Thoughts. Translated by John Jackson. 1906. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[World's Classics]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Meditations. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Illustrated Pocket Classics]
</p>

<p>
11. Thoughts. Selected by D. S. 1908. 32<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Thoughts. 1913. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Langham Bibelots]
</p>

<p>
13. The Communings with himself together with his Speeches
and Sayings. 1916. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. A Selection from the Meditations of the Emperor Marcus
Aurelius Antoninus. (Translated from the Greek and Annotated)
By J. G. Jennings. 1917. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Thoughts. Boston. 1889.
</p>

<p>
2. Selections from the Meditations; translated from the original
Greek with an introduction by B. E. Smith. New York. 1899.
</p>

<p>
3. Thoughts of Comfort. New York. 1907.
</p>

<p>
4. Thoughts; edited by Dana Estes. New York. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Noble Thought Series]
</p>

<pb n='085'/><anchor id='Pg085'/>

<p>
5. Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. New York. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Best Books Series]
</p>

<p>
6. Thoughts of Marcus Aurelius Antoninus; edited and illustrated
by J. Russell Flint. New York. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Meleager</head>

<p>
1. Fifty Poems of Meleager, translated by Walter Headlam.
1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1890.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Menander</head>

<p>
1. The Lately Discovered Fragments of Menander. Edited
with English version, text, etc., by Unus Multorum. 1909.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1909.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Musaeus</head>

<p>
1. <q>The historie of Leander and Hero, written by Musaeus,
and Englished by me a dozen yeares ago, and in print.</q> [So
mentioned by Abraham Fleming in his Virgil's Georgics, 1589. Not
otherwise known.]
</p>

<p>
2. Hero and Leander by Christopher Marlowe [Two Sestiads
only] Licensed to J. Wolfe. 1593. [Edition?]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1598; 1600; [The divine poem of Musaeus. First
of All Bookes. Translated According to the Originall, by Geo:
Chapman.] 1616; [Hero and Leander: Begun by Christopher
Marloe; and finished by George Chapman] 1598, 1606, 1618, 1629,
1637, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Marlowe and Chapman] Philadelphia,
1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Hero and Leander. Translated into English verse, with
annotations upon the Original by Sir R. Stapylton. Oxford.
1645. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1647.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Two Essays: the former, Ovid de arte amandi, or Art of
Love: the first Book. The latter, Hero and Leander of Musaeus,
from the Greek, by Th. Hoy. 1682. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='086'/><anchor id='Pg086'/>

<p>
5. The poem of Musaeus on the loves of Hero and Leander.
Paraphras'd in English heroick verse [by A. S. Catcott]. Oxford.
1715.
</p>

<p>
6. Hero and Leander translated in verse by Rev. Lawrence.
Eusden. [In Dryden's Miscellaneous Poems] 1716.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Edinburgh, 1750.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Hero and Leander of Musaeus translated by Mr.
Theobald. [In the Grove; or a collection of original poems]
1721. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Loves of Hero and Leander, from the Greek, by Mr. Stirling.
To which are added some new translations from various Greek
authors, viz., Anacreon, Sappho, Julian, Theocritus, Bion, Moschus,
and Homer. By another hand. 1728. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. A miscellany of new Poems on several occasions; containing
the Loves of Hero and Leander, translated from Musaeus
to which are added Poemata quaedam Latina. By R. Luck,
A.M. 1736. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Loves of Hero and Leander. Translated from the Greek
by G. Bally. 1747. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Musaeus: a poetical translation by J. Slade. 1753. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Hero and Leander [Translated by Francis Fawkes].
1760.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1789; [Anderson's Poets of Great Britain] 1792-94;
[Works of the Greek and Roman Poets] 1813; [British Poets] 1822;
Glasgow, 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Hero and Leander, a poem. From the Greek of Musaeus.
[By E. B. Greene] 1773.
</p>

<p>
14. Musaeus. Translated from the Greek. 1774. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Hero and Leander. A poem translated from the Greek by
E. Taylor [?]. 1783.
</p>

<p>
16. Μουσαιου τα κασ᾽ Ἡρω και Λεανδρον. (Musaeus. The
Loves of Hero and Leander. [Translated by G. C. Bedford])
1797. [Privately printed]
</p>

<p>
17. Hero and Leander, a Tale. Translated from the Greek of
the ancient poet Musaeus. With other poems. By Francis
Adam, Surgeon. 1822. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='087'/><anchor id='Pg087'/>

<p>
18. [Translated by C. A. Elton with his translation of Hesiod.
See Hesiod No. 4] 1832.
</p>

<p>
19. The Three Sons-in-Law. A. F. Frere. 1871.
</p>

<p>
20. Hero and Leander. From the Greek of Musaeus by E.
Arnold. [1873] 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Pausanias</head>

<p>
1. An account of the Statues, Pictures, and Temples in Greece;
translated from the Greek of Pausanias by U. Price. 1780. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Description of Greece, translated ... with notes. [T.
Taylor] 3 vol. 1794. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1824.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Itinerary of Greece, with a commentary on Pausanias and
Strabo. 1810. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Pausanias's Description of Greece, translated by Arthur
Richard Shilleto. 2 vol., 1886.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 vol., New York, 1886.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Mythology and Monuments of Ancient Athens being a
translation of a portion of the <q>Attica</q> of Pausanias by Margaret
de G. Verrall. Introductory essay by Jane Ellen Harrison. 1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1890, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Pausanias' Description of Greece. Translated with Commentary.
6 vol., 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Abridged] 1900.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Phocylides</head>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Poem of Admonition. Introduction and commentaries by
J. B. Feuling. Translation by H. D. Goodwin. Andover, Mass.
1879.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Pindar</head>

<p>
1. Second Olympic and First Nemean Odes of Pindar paraphrased,
and Pindaric Odes, written in imitation of the style and
manner of the Odes of Pindar. A. Cowley. 1656. Fol.
</p>

<pb n='088'/><anchor id='Pg088'/>

<p>
2. Pastorals, Epistle, Odes, and other original poems with
translations from Pindar, Anacreon, and Sappho. Ambrose Philips.
1748. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [First and Second Olympic Odes]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1765; [Johnson's English Poets] 1779-81.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Odes of Pindar [Selected], with several other pieces in
prose and verse translated from the Greek. To which is added a
dissertation on the Olympick Games. By Gilbert West. 2 vol.,
1749. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Dublin, 1751; 1753; 1766; [Johnson's English
Poets] 1779-81; [Johnson's English Poets] 1790; [Anderson's
English Poets] 1792-94.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Four Odes translated into English verse by Dr. W. Dodd.
1767.
</p>

<p>
5. The first Pythian Ode of Pindar. 1775. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Six Olympic Odes, being those omitted by Mr. West. Translated
into English verse [by H. J. Pye] 1775. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Anderson's English Poets] 1792-94.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The Pythian, Nemean and Isthmian Odes of Pindar. Translated
into English verse [by E. B. Greene] with critical remarks,
observations on his life and writings ... and an ode to the genius of
Pindar. 1778. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Select Odes of Pindar and Horace translated, and other
original poems: together with notes ... by W. Tasker. 3 vol.,
Exeter. 1780. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 3 vol., 1790-93.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. A new translation of select Odes of Pindar and Anacreon,
and Epistles of Horace, etc., with many passages from Shakespeare
attempted in Latin. [By W. Greene] Liverpool. [1783?]
</p>

<p>
10. A Translation of all the Pythian, Nemean and Isthmian
Odes of Pindar, except the fourth and fifth Pythian Odes, and
those translated by G. West. Rev. J. Banister. Salisbury. 1791.
</p>

<p>
11. All the Odes of Pindar, translated from the original Greek
by ... J. L. Girdleston. Norwich. [1810?]
</p>

<p>
12. The Odes of Pindar, translated from the Greek. By
Francis Lee, A.M. 1810. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='089'/><anchor id='Pg089'/>

<p>
13. The Odes of Pindar; translated ... with notes and illustrations,
by West, Greene, and Pye. Oxford. 1810. [Reprint
of Nos. 3, 6, 9.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [British Poets] 1822.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. The Odes of Pindar. Translated with notes by A. Moore.
1822.
</p>

<p>
15. The Odes of Pindar in English Prose with Explanatory
Notes. [By E. P. Laurent] To which is added West's Dissertation
on the Olympic Games. 2 vol., Oxford. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Pindar translated by C. A. Wheelwright. 1839. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Pindar in English verse by ... H. F. Cary. 1833. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1838.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Selections from Pindar, according to the text of Boech,
with English Notes, by the Rev. W. G. Cookesley. Eton. 1838. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Odes of Pindar in English prose. By D. W. Turner. To
which is adjoined a metrical version by A. Moore. [See No. 14]
1852. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Pindar and Themistocles: Aegina and Athens. [Eighth
Nemean Ode: prose: notes.] By W. W. Lloyd. 1862. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. The Odes of Pindar. Construed literally and word for
word. J. A. Giles. 2 parts. 1860-63. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Kelly's Keys to the
Classics]
</p>

<p>
22. Translations from Pindar in blank verse. Hugh Seymour
Tremenheere. 1866. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. The Odes of Pindar. F. A. Paley. 1868.
</p>

<p>
24. Pindar's Odes translated into English Prose by Ernest
Myers. 1874.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1884.</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. Epicinian Odes and Fragments. Translated by Thomas
Charles Baring. 1875.
</p>

<p>
26. Olympian and Pythian Odes, translated by Rev. Francis
Davis Morice. 1876. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Ancient Classics] 1878; 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Pindar. Odes in English verse. Winchester. 1876.
</p>

<pb n='090'/><anchor id='Pg090'/>

<p>
28. Olympian Odes. Translated into English verse by C.
Mayne. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
29. Pindar. Odes, including the principal fragments. With
an introduction and translation by Sir John Sandys. 1915. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Loeb] New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Plato</head>

<p>
1. Axiochus, a Dialogue entreating of Death [In Philippe de
Mornay. Six excellent Treatises of Life and Death.] 1592. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1607.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Plato his <q>Apology of Socrates</q> and Phaedo; or a Dialogue
concerning the Immortality of Man's Soul, and manner of Socrates
his Death: Carefully Translated from the Greek, and illustrated
with Reflections upon both. Of the Athenian Laws; and antient
Rites and Traditions concerning the Soul, therein mentioned.
1675. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Works of Plato abridged, with an account of his life,
philosophy and politics together with a translation of his choicest
dialogues.... Illustrated by notes. By M. Dacier. Translated
from the French [by Several Hands]. 2 vol., 1701. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1719-20; 2 vol., 1739; 2 vol., 1749; 2 vol.,
1761; 1772; 1839.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1833.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Menexenus. [In Odes of Pindar, with several other pieces
in prose and verse translated from the Greek by Gilbert West.]
1753. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Dialogue on the Immortality of the Soul. Translated by
Lewis Theobald. 1713. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Phedon; or a Dialogue of the Immortality of the Soul
[1730?] 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Two Orations in Praise of the Athenians Slain in Battle.
1759. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Dialogues translated by Fowler Sydenham. 1759-80.
[Published as follows: Io, 1759; Greater Hippias, 1759; Banquet,
<pb n='091'/><anchor id='Pg091'/>
Part I, 1761; Lesser Hippias, 1761; Banquet, Part II, 1767; Meno,
1769; Rivals, 1769; First Alcibiades, 1773; Second Alcibiades,
1776; Philebus, Part I, 1779; Philebus, Part II, 1780.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With translation of the remainder of Plato's works,
by Thomas Taylor] 5 vol., 1804, 1892; [Republic, translated with
Taylor, revised by W. H. D. Rouse. Standard Library] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Phaedon. 1763. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. The Republic of Plato. Translated from the Greek by
H. Spens. With a preliminary discourse on the Philosophy of
the Ancients by the translator. Glascow. 1763. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Everyman's Library] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman's Library] New York, 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Plato's Apology of Socrates translated into English by ...
J. Mills.... With notes and appendix. Cambridge. 1775. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Republic of Plato, translated by Thomas Taylor,
edited, with an introduction, by Theodore Wratislaw. 1792-93.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Phaedrus of Plato; a dialogue concerning Beauty
and Love. Translated from the Greek [by Thomas Taylor].
1792. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. The Cratylus, Phaedo, Parmenides, and Timaeus of Plato,
translated from the Greek by Thomas Taylor. 1793.
</p>

<p>
15. Phaedo, a dialogue on the Immortality of the Soul; newly
translated from the Greek of Plato by T. R. J. 1813. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Apology of Socrates, Crito, and Phaedo. Translated by
C. S. Stanford. 1835. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Phaedo] New York, 1873.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Dialogues and Apology. 1845.
</p>

<p>
18. A Translation of the First Book of the Republic of Plato.
A. R. Grant. Cambridge. 1848. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Works. Translated by Henry Cary and H. Davis. 6 vol.
1848-54. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Apology, Crito, Phaedo] 1888; [Apology, Crito,
Phaedo, Sir John Lubbock's One Hundred Books] 1892, 1895;
[Apology, Phaedo, Protagoras] 1900; [Phaedo. Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='092'/><anchor id='Pg092'/>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 6 vol., Boston and Philadelphia, 1872-6;
6 vol. New York, 1888; [Apology, Phaedo, Protagoras], New York,
1888; [Phaedo, Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. The Phaedrus, Lysias, and Protagoras of Plato. A new
and literal translation mainly from the text of Bekker by Josiah
Wright. 1848.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Golden Treasury Series] 1888; [Phaedrus. Everyman]
1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Golden Treasury Series] 1888; [Phaedrus.
Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Republic. Translated by John Llewellyn Davies and David
James Vaughan. 1852.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1858; 1866; 1892; 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Philadelphia, 1866; [Home Library] New
York, 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Philebus. Translated by Edward Poste. Oxford. 1858.
</p>

<p>
23. The Platonic Dialogues for English Readers. By W.
Whewell. 3 vol. Cambridge. 1859-61. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1892.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1892.</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. Apology of Socrates. Translated by Dr. [J. A.] Giles.
1860.
</p>

<p>
25. Selections. Translated by Lady Chatterton. 1862.
</p>

<p>
26. Gorgias. Literally translated with an introductory essay,
containing a summary of the argument by Edward Meredith Cope.
1864.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1884.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Apology, Crito, Phaedo. Dublin. 1865.
</p>

<p>
28. Sophistes: A dialogue on true and false teaching. Translated
by R. W. Mackay. 1868.
</p>

<p>
29. Meno: a dialogue on education. Translated with explanatory
notes ... by R. W. Mackay. 1869. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Dialogues. Translated by Alfred Day. 1870.
</p>

<p>
31. Dialogues. Translated with an analysis and introduction
by Benjamin Jowett. 4 vol. 1871.
</p>

<pb n='093'/><anchor id='Pg093'/>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Revised by Evelyn Abbott] 5 vol., 1875; [Republic]
1881, 1888, 1908; 5 vol., 1892; [Selections] 1895; [Four Socratic
Dialogues. Preface by Edward Caird.] 1903; [Selections. Edited
by C. S. Woodhouse. Wayfaring Books] 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 4 vol., New York, 1872; 4 vol., New York,
1874; [Republic] New York, 1882; [Selections by C. H. A.
Bulkley] New York, 1883; [Republic] New York, 1889; 5 vol.,
New York, 1892; [Selections by M. J. Knight] 2 vol., New York,
1895; [Four Socratic Dialogues. Preface by Edward Caird.] New
York, 1904; [Selections. Edited by C. S. Woodhouse.] New York,
1907; [Dialogues. Edited by M. F. Egan. With Politics of
Aristotle translated by B. Jowett and edited by M. F. Egan.] New
York, 1908; [Republic edited by W. C. Lawton] New York, 1908;
[Apology, Crito, Phaedo (Selection)] Portland, Me., 1910; [Introduction
by Temple Scott] 4 vol., New York, 1914; [Republic]
New York, 1916.</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Philebus. Translated by F. A. Paley. 1873.
</p>

<p>
33. Plato by Clifton W. Collins. [Ancient Classic Selections]
1874.
</p>

<p>
34. Phaedo. Translated by Edward Meredith Cope. 1875.
</p>

<p>
35. Theaetetus. Translated with an introduction and notes
by F. A. Paley. 1875.
</p>

<p>
36. An Analytical Paraphrase on the Republic of Plato. By
Rev. C. H. Hoole. Oxford. 1875.
</p>

<p>
37. Socrates. A translation of the Apology, Crito, and parts
of the Phaedo of Plato. 1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
38. Apology of Socrates and Crito. Translated from the Greek
text by William Charles Green. 1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1903.</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Eutyphro, Apology, Crito. Translated by F. J. Church.
1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1886; [Golden Treasury Series] 1891.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Golden Treasury Series] 1891.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='094'/><anchor id='Pg094'/>

<p>
40. The Meno of Plato. A new translation from the text of
Baiter with an introduction, a marginal analysis and short explanatory
notes. 1880.
</p>

<p>
41. Plato's Apology of Socrates. Literally translated from
the text of Baiter and Orelli. 1880.
</p>

<p>
42. Plato's Defence of Socrates translated from the Greek.
By George Herbert Powell. 1882. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
43. Euthyphro. A literal translation with grammatical notes.
Glascow. 1883.
</p>

<p>
44. The Apology, Crito and Meno of Plato translated by St.
George Stock and Charles Abdy Marcon. 1887.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1904; [Crito with Euthyphro] 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. The Banquet of Plato, and other pieces [Speculations on
Metaphysics. Speculations on Morals. Ion, Menexenus.] translations
and original. By Percy Bysshe Shelley. 1887. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Cassell's National Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1905; [Everyman] 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Cassell's National Library] New York,
1887; Chicago, Ill., 1895; [Riverside Press Edition] Boston,
1908; [Everyman] New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
46. A Day in Athens with Socrates. Translations from the
Gorgias and the Republic (Book VIII) of Plato. 1887.
</p>

<p>
47. Plato's Crito and Phaedo. Dialogues of Socrates before
his death. 1888. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Cassell's National Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Cassell's National Library] New York,
1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Plato's Phaedo. A translation. By A. E. Balgrave and
Charles Scott Fearenside. 1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [University Tutorial Series] 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
49. Euthyphron and Laches. Literally translated by John
Gibson. 1890.
</p>

<p>
50. Meno. Literally translated with English notes. By Reginald
Broughton. 1891.
</p>

<p>
51. The Republic of Plato. Lib. I, II. Literally translated
from the Greek with grammatical notes. By a Graduate. Cambridge.
1894.
</p>

<pb n='095'/><anchor id='Pg095'/>

<p>
52. Gorgias. A translation with test papers. By Francis
Giffard Plaistowe. 1894.
</p>

<p>
53. Plato: The Republic. Book I. Literally translated by
J. A. Prout. 1896.
</p>

<p>
54. Apology of Socrates. Translated by J. A. Nicklin. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
55. Laches. Edited with text, notes, and translation by F. G.
Plaistowe and T. R. Mills. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial
Series]
</p>

<p>
56. Apology of Socrates. Edited with introduction, text,
notes, and translation by T. R. Mills. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
57. Ion. Edited with introduction, text, notes, and translation
by J. Thompson and T. R. Mills. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
58. Plato's Theaetetus. Translated with an introduction by
S. W. Dyde. Glascow. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Meno. Translated by J. A. Prout. 1900. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series.]
</p>

<p>
60. Plato's Euthyphro. Literally translated from the text
in the Pitt Press Series, with grammatical notes by E. T. Pegg.
1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
61. Republic [Books I, II.] Edited with notes by a Graduate.
1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
62. Euthyphro and Menexenus. Edited with introduction,
notes, text, and translation by T. R. Mills. 1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
63. Myths. Translated with an Introduction by J. A. Stewart.
1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
64. Crito. Edited with introduction, text, notes, and translation
by A. F. Watt. 1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
65. Theaetetus and Philebus. Translated and explained by
H. F. Carlill. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1906.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='096'/><anchor id='Pg096'/>

<p>
66. Republic. Translated into English with an introduction
by A. D. Lindsay. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
67. Euthyphro, Apology, Crito. With introduction, translation,
and notes by F. M. Stawell. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Temple Greek
and Latin Classics.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
68. Plato's Apology and Crito; or, The Defence of Socrates
and the Drama of Loyalty. A new translation with Greek text
parallel, and introduction and notes by Charles L. Marson.
1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. Euthyphro; Apology; Crito; Phaedo; Phaedrus. With
an English translation by H. N. Fowler. 1914. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Loeb
Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Plato's Works. 6 vol. Boston. 1848-52.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 6 vol., Boston, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Plato's Phaedo; or, the Immortality of the Soul. Translated
by C. S. Stanford. New York. 1854. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Divine and Moral Works of Plato. Translated from
the original Greek; with Introductory Dissertations and Notes.
New York. 1858-60. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Boston, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Socrates. A translation of the Apology, Crito, and parts
of the Phaedo. [Introduction by W. W. Goodwin] New York.
1879. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: New York, 1883.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. The Phaedo of Plato. Boston. 1882.
</p>

<p>
6. Socrates. The Apology and Crito of Plato. Boston. 1882.
</p>

<p>
7. A Day in Athens with Socrates; translations from the
Protagoras and the Republic (Book VII) of Plato. New York.
1883.
</p>

<pb n='097'/><anchor id='Pg097'/>

<p>
8. Talks with Socrates about Life; translations from the Gorgias
and Republic of Plato. New York. 1886.
</p>

<p>
9. Talks with Athenian Youths; translations from the Charmides,
Lysis, Laches, Euthydemus and Theaetetus. New York.
1891.
</p>

<p>
10. Select Dialogues of Plato. 4 vol. New York. 1891. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Judgment of Socrates: the Apology, Crito, and the closing
scene of Phaedo; with introduction by P. E. More. Boston.
1899. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Riverside Literature Series]
</p>

<p>
12. Education of the young in the <q>Republic</q>; translated
into English by B. Bosanquet. New York. 1900. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Cambridge
Series for Schools and Training Colleges]
</p>

<p>
13. Plato's Republic translated by A. Kerr. Chicago. 1901-1907
[Book I, 1901; II, 1903; III, 1903; IV, 1904; V, 1907.]
</p>

<p>
14. Plato's Republic; translated by T. M. Lindsay. New
York. 1908. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Plato's Republic; translated by H. Speers. New York.
1908. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Best Books Series]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Plutarch</head>

<p>
1. The Gouerauce of good helthe, by the moste excellent
phylosopher Plutarche, the moste eloquent Erasmus being interpretoure.
Thou wylte repent that this came not sooner to thy
hande. [1530?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. The Education or bringinge up of children, translated by
T. Eliot Esquire. [1530?] 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1531?].</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Table of Cebes the philosopher. How one may take
profite of his enemies, translated out of Plutarche [translated by
Sir Frances Poyntz]. A treatise perswadyng a man paciently
to suffer the death of his friend. [1535?] 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [1537?]; [1560?].</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Howe one may take profite of his enmyes, translated out
of Plutarche [by Sir Thomas Eliot?]. [1535?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [with the Table of Cebes the philosopher] [1580?].</hi>
</p>

<pb n='098'/><anchor id='Pg098'/>

<p>
5. Practica Plutarche the excellent Phylosopher. [1540?]
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL [Extracts]
</p>

<p>
6. The precepts of the excellent clerke &amp; graue philosopher
Plutarche for the preseruation of good Healthe. 1543. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
7. Three Treatises. (a) The Learned Prince, (b) the Fruits
of Foes, (c) the Port of Rest; translated by Thomas Blundeville.
1561. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1580.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The amorous and tragical Tales of Plutarch, whereunto is
annexed the History of Cariclea and Theaginis and the Sayings
of the Greeke philosophers, translated by Ja. Sanferd. 1567. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. A President for Parents, teaching the vertuous Training
vp of Children, and holesome Information of Young Men, translated
and partly augmented by Ed. Grant. 1571. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. The Lives of the noble Grecians and Romanes, compared
together by that graue learned Philosopher and Historiographer,
Plutarch of Chaeronea: Translated out of Greek into French by
Iames Amyot, Abbot of Bellozane, Bishop of Auxerre, one of the
King's priuy counsel, and great Amner of Fraunce, and out of
French into English, by Thomas North. 1579. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1595; [with the liues of Hannibal and Scipio African:
translated out of Latine into French by Charles de l'Escluse, and
out of French into English, By Sir Thomas North Knight. Hereunto
are also added the liues of Epaminandas, of Philip of Macedon,
of Dionysius the elder, tyrant of Sicilia; of Augustus Caesar, of
Plutarche, and of Seneca: with the liues of nine other excellent chieftans
of warre: collected out of Æmylius Probus, by S. G. S. and
Englished by the aforesaid Translator] 1603; 1603; 1612; 1631;
1657; 1676; [Lives of Caius Marcius Coriolanus, Julius Caesar,
Marcus Antonius, and Marcus Brutus] 1878; [Introduction by
George Wyndham] 6 vol., 1895-96; [Edited by W. H. D. Rouse]
10 vol., 1899; [Oxford and Cambridge Edition] 1906; [Lives of
Coriolanus, Caesar, Brutus, and Antonius, edited by R. H. Carr]
1906; [Life of Julius Caesar. Oxford and Cambridge Edition]
1907; [Life of Julius Caesar, edited by R. H. Carr] 1907; [English
Literature for Schools] 1915.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='099'/><anchor id='Pg099'/>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Shakespeare's Plutarch. Selected lives
from North's translation. Edited by W. W. Skeat.] New York,
1875; [Edited by George Wyndham] 6 vol., New York, 1895-96;
[Edited by W. H. D. Rouse.] 10 vol., New York, 1899; [Life of
Julius Caesar, edited by R. H. Carr] New York, 1907; [English
Literature for Schools] New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Philosophie, commonlie called, the Morals written
by the learned Philosopher Plutarch of Chaeronea. Translated
out of Greeke into English, and conferred with the Latine translations
and the French, by Philemon Holland of Coventrie, Doctor
in Physicke. VVhereunto are annexed the Summaries necessary
to be read before every Treatise. 1603. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1657; [Edited by F. B. Jevons] 1892; [Everyman]
1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1912.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Of the benefit we may get by our Ennemies, a Discourse
written originally in the Greek by Plutarchus, translated by Dr.
Jo. Rainolds into Latin; of the Diseases of the mind &amp; body,
written in Greek by the said Plutarch, &amp; put into Latin by the
said Dr. Rainolds. Both treatises translated from Latin into
English by Henry Vaughan; in his Olor Iscanus. 1650. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Worthies of the World, or the Lives of the most heroic
Greeks &amp; Romans compared: by that learned &amp; great Historiographer
Plutarch. Englished &amp; abridged according to the directions
of Photius, by David Lloyd. 1665. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Plutarch's Lives translated from the Greek by several
hands. To which is prefixt the life of Plutarch by John Dryden.
5 vol. 1683-86. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1688; 1693; 1700; 1703; 1710; 1714; 1724;
1758; 1763; [Edited by Arthur Hugh Clough. Selections] 1859;
[Edited by Arthur Hugh Clough] 5 vol., 1874; 1877, 1883, 1903,
1910; [Clough and William Godwin] 10 vol., 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Edited by Arthur Hugh Clough] 5 vol.,
Boston, 1876; [Selections] 3 vol., New York, 1879; [Edited by
Clough] New York, 1881; [Edited by W. F. Allen] Boston, 1886;
[Edited by Clough] 5 vol., Boston, 1888, 1902; [Clough, edited by
<pb n='100'/><anchor id='Pg100'/>
Hamilton Wright Mabie. Ideal Classics] 4 vol., Philadelphia,
1908-09; [Clough. Everyman] 3 vol., New York, 1910; [Clough.
With Dr. W. Smith's historical notes] 5 vol., New York, 1913;
[Clough, Smith edition, with an Introduction by Temple Scott]
5 vol., New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Plutarch's Morals, translated from the Greek by Several
Hands [M. Morgan, S. Ford, W. Willingham, T. Hoy, and others].
5 vol., 1683-84.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1691; 5 vol., 1694; 5 vol., 1704; 5 vol., 1718; [Corrected
and revised by William Godwin. Introduction by R. W.
Emerson] 1871.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Corrected and revised by William Godwin.
Introduction by R. W. Emerson.] 5 vol., Boston, 1870, 1874.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Plutarch's Lives. [Abridged] Translated by Gildon.
1710.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1713; 1718.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Morals, by way of abstract, done from the Greek. 1707. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Treatise of Isis and Osiris. Sam Squire, M. A. Cambridge.
1744. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Lives, abridged. Illustrated with notes and reflections.
7 vol., 1762. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Lives, translated from the original Greek, with notes,
critical and historical, and a new life of Plutarch. By John Langhorne
and William Langhorne. 6 vol., 1770. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 6 vol., 1774; 6 vol., 1780; 6 vol., 1792; 6 vol., 1801;
6 vol., 1805; 3 vol., 1812; 1819; 6 vol., 1826; 7 vol., 1831-32;
2 vol., 1851; 1862; 1868; 2 vol., 1875; [Grecian Section. With
notes.] 1876; [Standard Library] 1878; 1878; [Standard Library]
1879; 1881; [Lives of Timoleon and the Gracchi. Intro. by
Charles Badham.] Sidney, Australia, 1881; [Excelsior Series]
1884; 4 vol., 1884; [Lives of Aristides, Themistocles, Pericles,
Alcibiades, Demosthenes, Pyrrhus] 1886; [Lives of Demetrius,
Mark Antony, Themistocles] 1886; [Lives of Alexander the Great,
Julius Caesar, Pompey] 1886; [Lives of Alexander the Great, Julius
Caesar] 1886; [Lives of Alcibiades, Coriolanus, Aristides, Cato the
<pb n='101'/><anchor id='Pg101'/>
Censor] 1886; [Selections, edited by Bernard J. Snell] 1886; 1886;
[Lives of Timoleon, Paulus Aemilius, Lysander, Sylla] 1887;
[Lives of Pericles, Fabius Maximus, Demosthenes, Cicero]
1887; [Lives of Cato the Younger, Agis, Cleomenes, the Gracchi]
1887; [Lives of Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar] 1887; [Lives
of Agesilaus, Pompey, Phocion] 1887, 1893; [Lives of Solon, Publicola,
Philopoemen, Titus Quinctus Flaminius, Caius Marius]
1888, 1892; [Lives of Pyrrhus, Camillus, Pelopides, Marcellus]
1888, 1893; [Lives of Romulus, Cimon, Lucullus, Lycurgus] 1888,
1893; [Lives of Nicias, Crassus, Aratus, Theseus] 1888, 1893;
[Lives of Dion, Brutus, Artaxerxes, Galba, Otho] 1888, 1893; [Lives
of Numa, Sertorius, Eumenes. Life of Plutarch by John Dryden]
1889, 1893; 1890; 1892; [Books for the People] 1893; 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 4 vol., New York, 1820-52; Boston, 1831;
New York, 1855-58; New York, 1872-76; Cincinnati, Ohio,
1872-76; [Lovell's Library] 5 parts, New York, 1883; New York,
1884; [Lives of Demetrius, Mark Antony, Themistocles] New York,
1886; [Lives of Alcibiades, Coriolanus, Aristides, Cato the Censor]
New York, 1886; [Lives of Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar]
New York, 1886; [Lives of Timoleon, Paulus Aemilius, Lysander,
Sylla] New York, 1887; [Lives of Pericles, Fabius Maximus,
Demosthenes, Cicero] New York, 1887; [Lives of Demosthenes,
Cicero] New York, 1887; [Lives of Cato the Younger, Agis, Cleomenes,
the Gracchi] New York, 1887; [Lives of Agesilaus, Pompey,
Phocion] New York, 1887; [Lives of Romulus, Cimon, Lucullus,
Lycurgus] New York, 1888; [Lives of Solon, Publicola, Philopoemen,
Titus Quinctus Flaminius, Caius Marius] New York,
1888; [Lives of Nicias, Crassus, Aratus, Theseus] New York, 1888;
[Lives of Dion, Brutus, Artaxerxes, Galba, Otho] New York, 1888;
[Lives of Pyrrhus, Camillus, Pelopidas, Marcellus] New York,
1888; [Lives of Numa, Sertorius, Eumenes] New York, 1889.</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Treatise upon the distinction between a Friend and a
Flatterer. Thomas Northmore, M. A., F. S. A. 1793. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Plutarch's Lives, abridged, by Elizabeth Hulme. 1794. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Plutarch's Lives, abridged. By the Author of the British
Nepos. 1800. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='102'/><anchor id='Pg102'/>

<p>
24. Περι Δεισιδαιμονιας. Plutarch and Theophrastus on Superstition;
with various appendices. [Edited by J. Hibbert] 10
parts. Kentish Town. 1828. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
25. A translation of Plutarch's Banquet of the Seven Sages.
Job Critannah [i.e., Nathan Birch] 1833. [Published with Fifty-one
Original Fables.]
</p>

<p>
26. Plutarch's Lives. Translated from the Greek. With
notes and a life of Plutarch. By Aubrey Stewart and George
Long. 4 vol., 1880-1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [York Library] 4 vol., 1906-09; [Bohn's Popular
Library] 2 vol., 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 4 vol., New York, 1889; [York Library]
4 vol., 1906-1909; [Bohn's Popular Library] 2 vol., 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Plutarch's Lives of the Gracchi, translated from the text,
of Sintenio. With introduction, marginal notes, and appendices.
By William Wilkinson Marshall. Oxford. 1881.
</p>

<p>
28. Plutarch's Lives. Containing the most interesting of the
incidents in the Lives of celebrated Greeks and Romans arranged
for the use of everyday readers. 1881.
</p>

<p>
29. Plutarch's Life of Themistocles literally translated with
notes. By John William Rundall. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1891.</hi>
</p>

<p>
30. Plutarch's Themistocles translated into English by Herbert
Hailstone. 1884.
</p>

<p>
31. Ideal Commonwealths. Plutarch's Lycurgus, More's
Utopia, Bacon's New Atlantis, Campanella's City of the Sun, and
a Fragment of Hall's Mundus alter et idem with an introduction
by Henry Morley. 1885.
</p>

<p>
32. Plutarch's Life of Nicias, literally translated with notes.
By Arthur Humble Evans. 1887.
</p>

<p>
33. Plutarch's Nicias. Translated into English by Herbert
Hailstone. Cambridge. 1887.
</p>

<p>
34. Plutarch's Morals. Theosophical essays translated by
C. W. King. Ethical essays translated with notes ... by A. R.
Shilleto. 2 vol., 1882-1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 2 vol., New York, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='103'/><anchor id='Pg103'/>

<p>
35. Plutarch's Lives of Greek heroes. 1894.
</p>

<p>
36. Plutarch's Life of Timoleon. J. A. Nicklin. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
37. Plutarch's Lives translated by W. R. Frazer. 3 vol.,
1906-07. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [New Classical Library] 3 vol., New York.
1906-07.</hi>
</p>

<p>
38. Greek Lives from Plutarch. Translated by C. E. Byles,
1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Plutarch's Life of Timoleon. Translated ... by J. Clunes
Wilson. 1907. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
40. On the face which appears on the orb of the moon. With
notes and appendix. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Selected essays; translated with an introduction by T. G.
Tucker. Oxford. 1914. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Oxford Library of Translations]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Oxford Library of Translations] New York,
1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
42. Plutarch's Lives. With an English translation by Bernadotte
Perrin. Vols. 1-4. 1914-1916. [Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Loeb] Vols. 1-4, New York, 1914-1916.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Plutarch's Lives of Illustrious Men. New York. 1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: New York, 1917.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Plutarch On the Delay of Divine Justice; translated with
an introduction and notes by A. P. Peabody. Boston. 1885. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Youth's Plutarch's Lives, for boys and girls; edited
with an introduction and notes by E. S. Ellis. New York. 1895.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Philadelphia, 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Plutarch. Lives of Illustrious Men. New York. 1898.
12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Escutcheon Series]
</p>

<p>
5. Plutarch's Lives. New York. 1898. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Illustrated Library
of Famous Books]
</p>

<p>
6. Plutarch's Life of Alexander the Great. Boston. 1900.
[Riverside Literature Series]
</p>

<pb n='104'/><anchor id='Pg104'/>

<p>
7. Themistocles and Aristides: New Translation from the
original with introduction and notes by Bernadotte Perrin. New
York. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Greek lives from Plutarch; newly translated by C. E. Byles:
Theseus, Lycurgus, Aristides, Themistocles, Pericles, Alcibiades,
Dion, Demosthenes, Alexander. New York. 1907. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Shakespeare's Plutarch; edited by C. F. Tucker Brooke.
2 vol. New York. 1909. [Shakespeare Library]
</p>

<p>
10. Children's Plutarch; tales of the Greeks translated by F. J.
Gould; introduction by W. D. Howells. New York. 1910. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Plutarch's Cimon and Pericles, with the funeral oration
of Pericles (Thucydides II 35-46) newly translated, with introduction
and notes by Bernadotte Perrin. New York. 1910.
</p>

<p>
12. Plutarch's Lives for boys and girls; being selected lives
freely retold by W. H. Weston, with 16 color drawings by W.
Rainey. New York. 1911. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Plutarch on Education; embracing the three treatises:
The education of boys; How a young man should hear lectures on
poetry; The right way to hear; by C. W. Super. Syracuse, N. Y.
1911.
</p>

<p>
14. Plutarch's Nicias and Alcibiades; newly translated with
an introduction and notes. New York. 1912. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Plutarch's Lives. Boston. 1913. [Boys' and girls' bookshelf]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Polybius</head>

<p>
1. The Hystories of the most famous and worthy Cronographer
Polybius: Discoursing of the warres betwixt the Romans
&amp; Carthaginenses a riche and goodly Worke, conteining holsome
counsels &amp; wonderfull deuises against the incombrances of fickle
Fortune. Englished by C. W[atson]. 1568. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. The History of Polybius the Megalopolitan. The fiue
first Bookes entire: With all the parcels of the subsequent Bookes
vnto the eighteenth, according to the Greeke Originall. Also the
manner of the Roman encamping, extracted, from the discription
<pb n='105'/><anchor id='Pg105'/>
of Polybius. Translated into English by Edward Grimeston, Sergeant
at Arms. 1633. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1634; 1634.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Story of the War between the Carthaginians and their
own Mercenaries. Sir Walter Raleigh. 1647. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Polybius' History, [translated by] Sir H. S. [Henry Shears]
[Preface on Polybius and his writings by John Dryden] 2 vol.,
1693. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1699.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. A Fragment out of the Sixth Book of Polybius ... translated
from the Greek with notes. By a Gentleman. [Edward Spelman]
1743. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. A Parallel between the Roman and British Constitutions;
comprehending Polybius's curious discourse of the Roman Senate.
With a preface, wherein his principles are applied to our government.
1747. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Greek-English]
</p>

<p>
7. History. Translated by C. W. [Christopher Watson] 1747.
</p>

<p>
8. The General History of Polybius ... Translated by Mr.
Hampton. 1756.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Selections from Book VI] 1764; 2 vol., 1772;
3 vol., 1809; 1812; 2 vol., 1823.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Polybius. Translation of a fragment of the Eighteenth
Book, discovered at Mt. Athos. 1806. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Histories of Polybius. Translated by Evelyn Shirley
Shuckburgh. 2 vol. 1889. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Prodicus</head>

<p>
1. The Choice of Hercules. From the Greek of Prodicus by
Bishop Lowth. [Published in Roach's Beauties of the Poets.]
1794.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Pythagoras</head>

<p>
1. A Brefe and plesaunte Worke, and Sience, of the Philosopher,
Pictagoras, wherin is declared the Aunswer of Questyōs which there
in be cōtained after y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> order of thys syence, both for sycknes, &amp;
helth, with dyuers other pretye questions, uerye pleasent to pase
<pb n='106'/><anchor id='Pg106'/>
the tyme whith, Taken and getherd out of y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> sayd Pictagoras
werke. [1560?] 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
2. Hierocles upon the Golden Verse of Pythagoras; teaching
a vertuous and worthy life. Englished by J. Hall. 1657. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Hierocles upon the Golden Verses of the Pythagoreans;
translated ... out of the Greek into English. [By J. Norris].
1682. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Golden Verses of Pythagoras. Translated from the
Greek by Mr. Rowe. 1720. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [In his Poetical Works]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Glasgow, 1756.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Human Wisdom displayed: or, a guide to prudence and
virtue, in two parts. Containing ... II A fragment on tranquility
of mind, from Pythagoras; together with a collection of choice
morals from Epictetus ... Both newly translated from the original
Greek ... By an old Gentleman of Gray's Inn, lately retired to a
country-life. 1731. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. The Commentary of Hierocles upon the golden verses of
the Pythagoreans; now first translated into English from ... the
Greek original published ... by Dr. Warren; with notes and illustrations
by W. Rayner. [cum text] Norwich. 1797.
</p>

<p>
7. The Pythagoric Symbols. W. Bridgman. 1804.
</p>

<p>
8. The Golden Verses of Pythagoras. John Povey. [Sine
Loco] 1886.
</p>

<p>
9. Pythagoras's Golden Verses, translated by E. A. E. Symbols
translated by Sapere Ande. [In Collectanea hermetica by
W. W. Westcott.] 1894.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Sappho</head>

<p>
1. Anacreon and Sappho. By John Addison. 1735. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[With Greek text]
</p>

<p>
2. Hymn to Venus. [Translated by Ambrose Philips in his
Pastorals.] 1748.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1765; [Johnson's Poets] 1779-81.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Works. [Translated by Francis Fawkes] 1760.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1789; [Chalmers' English Poets] 1810; [Works
of the Greek Roman Poets] 1813.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='107'/><anchor id='Pg107'/>

<p>
4. Works. [Translated by C. A. Elton and published with
his Hesiod.] 1832.
</p>

<p>
5. Sappho. Memoir, text, selected readings and literal translation
by Henry Thornton Wharton. 1885.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1887; 1895; 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Chicago, 1885, 1887, 1895; New York,
1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Poems of Sappho. Poems, Epigrams, and Fragments,
Translations and Adaptations. Percy Osborn. 1909. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Sappho, queen of song; a selection from her love poems
by J. R. Tutin. 1914. [Friendship Books]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Boston, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. An entirely new version of the Poems and New Fragments,
together with the more important of the old fragments. Translated
by Edward Storer. 1916. [Poets' Translation Series]
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Songs of Sappho. James S. Easby-Smith. Washington,
D. C. 1891. [Published for Georgetown University]
</p>

<p>
2. Sappho. Odes, bridal songs, epigrams; translated by
Arnold, Moore, Palgrave, Tennyson, and others. Philadelphia.
1902. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Antique Gems from the Greek and Latin]
</p>

<p>
3. Poems of Sappho: rendition into English by J. M. O'Hara.
Portland, Me. Between 1905-1908. [Privately printed]
</p>

<p>
4. Sappho. One Hundred Lyrics. Bliss Carman. New York.
1906.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>English Reprint: London, 1910.</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Simonides Of Ceos</head>

<p>
1. A translation of a fragment of Simonides. By Nothus
Cornelius Scriblerus). 1779. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

<pb n='108'/><anchor id='Pg108'/>

<div>
<head>Sophocles</head>

<p>
1. Oedipus: Three Cantoes. Wherein is contained: 1. His
unfortunate Infancy. 2. His execrable Actions. 3. His lamentable
End. By T[homas] E[vans] Bach: Art, Cantab. 1615.
12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Translation or adaptation?]
</p>

<p>
2. Electra of Sophocles [Translated into verse] ... with an
epilogue shewing the parallel in two poems, the Return and the
Restoration. By C[hristopher] W[ase]. 1649. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Ajax of Sophocles translated [in verse] with notes by Lewis
Theobald. 1714. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. Electra, a tragedy. Translated from Sophocles, with notes.
By Mr. [Lewis] Theobald. 1714. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1780.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Oedipus, King of Thebes: a tragedy. Translated from
Sophocles, with notes, by Mr. [Lewis] Theobald. 1715. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1765.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Sophocles [Philoctetes] translated by Thomas Sheridan.
Dublin. 1725. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Sophocles translated into English prose by George Adams.
2 vol. 1729. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1818.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Tragedies of Sophocles translated from the Greek by
Thomas Francklin, M. A. 2 vol. 1759. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1766; 1788; 1806; [Oedipus Tyrannus
only] 1806; 1809; 1832; [Introduction by Henry Morley] 1886;
[With plays of Aristophanes and Euripides] 1894; [Antigone]
Allahabad, India, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1820-52; New York, 1872-76;
[Antigone] Boston, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Oedipus tyrannus, Electra, Philoctetes, and extracts from
others. Tragedies of Sophocles in the Greek Theatre of Father
Brumroy. Translated into English by Mrs. Charlotte Lenox.
3 vol. 1759. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='109'/><anchor id='Pg109'/>

<p>
10. A Free Translation [in Verse] of the Oedipus Tyrannus
... by T. Maurice. 1779. [Published with his Poems.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1813; 1822.</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Tragedies of Sophocles translated [in verse by R.
Potter]. 1788.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1808.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Oedipus, King of Thebes; a tragedy translated from the
Greek of Sophocles into prose, with notes ... by G. S. Clark.
Oxford. 1790. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Electra [translated into English verse by W. Drennan].
Belfast. 1817. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Sophocles' Tragedies, in English Prose, with Notes.
1822. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. Sophocles' Works. In English Prose from the text of
Brunck. 2 vol. 1823. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1828; 1842; [Bohn] 1849.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Boston and Philadelphia, 1872-76; New
York, 1888.</hi>
</p>

<p>
16. Sophoclis Oedipus Rex, Græce, with Translation, ... by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1823. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1846.</hi>
</p>

<p>
17. Sophocles. Works in English Verse. Translated by T.
Dale. 2 vol. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Sophoclis Antigone, Græce, with Translation, ... by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1846.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Sophoclis Philoctetes, Græce, with Translation, ... by
T. W. C. Edwards. 1830. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus and Colonaeus. Hermann's
text with literal translation and notes. 1834. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
21. Sophocles' Electra and Aeschylus' Prometheus Unbound,
Translated by G. C. Fox. 1835.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1839.</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. A Literal Translation of the Oedipus Tyrannus of Sophocles
... with notes. By a Graduate of the University [of Dublin].
Dublin. 1837. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='110'/><anchor id='Pg110'/>

<p>
23. Sophocles' Oedipus Colonus. 1841.
</p>

<p>
24. Sophocles' Oedipus Colonus, translated by T. W. C. Edwards.
1846.
</p>

<p>
25. Sophocles' Philoctetes. 1846.
</p>

<p>
26. Sophocles' Ajax. 1847.
</p>

<p>
27. Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus. 1847.
</p>

<p>
28. Σοφοκλευς Ἀντιγονη. The Antigone of Sophocles in Greek
and English; with introduction and notes: by J. W. Donaldson.
1848.
</p>

<p>
29. The Ajax of Sophocles. Translated from an improved
text into English Verse. By George Burgess. 1849.
</p>

<p>
30. Sophocles' Tragedies translated by Yonge. 1849.
</p>

<p>
31. Oedipus, King of Thebes. Translated from the Oedipus
Tyrannus of Sophocles by Sir F. H. Doyle. 1849. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Sophocles' Tragedies. Translated by Edward Hayes
Plumptre. 1865.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1867; 1872; 2 vol., 1902; [New Universal Library]
1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 2 vol., New York, 1866; New York,
1872-76; New York, 1882; [New Universal Library] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Oedipus Tyrannus, translated by a First-Class Man of
Balliol. Oxford. 1870.
</p>

<p>
34. Ajax, translated by a First-Class Man of Balliol. Oxford.
1871.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1885.</hi>
</p>

<p>
35. Three plays of Sophocles: Antigone, Electra, Deianira,
or the Death of Hercules. Translated into English Verse by
Lewis Campbell. 1873.
</p>

<p>
36. Oedipus Tyrannus and Philoctetes, translated by Lewis
Campbell. 1874.
</p>

<p>
37. Death and Burial of Aias ... translated into English Verse
by Lewis Campbell. 1876.
</p>

<p>
38. Philoctetes, translated by Roscoe Mongan. 1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1881.</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Ajax, translated by Roscoe Mongan. 1880.
</p>

<pb n='111'/><anchor id='Pg111'/>

<p>
40. Antigone, translated by Roscoe Mongan. 1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Athens, 1896.</hi>
</p>

<p>
41. Ajax. Represented at Cambridge, November 29, 30,
December 1, 2, 1882, at St. Andrew's Hall. With English translation
by Richard Claverhouse Jebb. Cambridge. 1882.
</p>

<p>
42. Oedipus Tyrannus, with introduction, text, translation,
and notes by Benjamin Hall Kennedy. Cambridge. 1882.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1885.</hi>
</p>

<p>
43. Sophocles translated into English verse by Robert Whitelaw.
1883.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897; [Introduction by John Churton Collins] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Antigone] New York, 1907.</hi>
</p>

<p>
44. Sophocles' Seven Plays in English Verse. Lewis Campbell.
1883. [See Nos. 35, 36, 37.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1896; [World's Classics] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. Philoctetes translated by Meaburn Talbot Tatham. 1883.
</p>

<p>
46. Oedipus the King; translated by Edmund Doidge Anderson
Morshead. 1885.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1885.</hi>
</p>

<p>
47. The Oedipus Tyrannus of Sophocles as performed at
Cambridge, November 22-26, 1887. With a translation in prose by
Richard Claverhouse Jebb and a translation of the songs of the
chorus in verse adapted to the music of C. Villiers Stanford by
Arthur Woolgar Verrall. Cambridge. 1887.
</p>

<p>
48. Oedipus the King. The dialogue metrically rendered by
Edward Conybeare. With the songs of the chorus as written for
the music of Dr. Stanford by Arthur Woolgar Verrall. 1887.
</p>

<p>
49. Oedipus Tyrannus translated by George Young. 1887.
</p>

<p>
50. Oedipus Tyrannus translated by Thomas Nash and revised
by Reginald Broughton. 1887.
</p>

<p>
51. Antigone, translated with introduction and notes by
Reginald Broughton. 1887.
</p>

<p>
52. Dramas, translated into English Verse by Sir George
Young. 1888. [See no. 49.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Everyman] 1906.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] 1907.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='112'/><anchor id='Pg112'/>

<p>
53. Electra. Cambridge. 1888.
</p>

<p>
54. Plays and Fragments with notes, commentary and translation
in English prose by Richard Claverhouse Jebb. 3 vol.
1885-88.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
55. Philoctetes. Translated by Francis Giffard Plaistowe.
[Tutorial Series] 1892. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
56. Electra, translated with an introduction by William John
Hickie. 1892.
</p>

<p>
57. Tragedies; translated into English prose from the text
of Jebb, by Edward Philip Coleridge. 1893.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 1893.</hi>
</p>

<p>
58. Oedipus at Colonus, closely translated from the Greek ...
An experiment in metre by A. C. Auchmuty. Hull. 1894. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Electra, edited with an introduction, notes and translation
by J. Thompson and Bernard John Hayes. 1894.
</p>

<p>
60. Antigone, translated by William Hardie. Allahabad.
1894.
</p>

<p>
61. Ajax, translated with test papers by John Hampden
Haydon. 1895.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1901; 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
62. Aiax and Electra, translated by Edmund Doidge Anderson
Morshead. 1895.
</p>

<p>
63. Oedipus Coloneus. A translation with test papers by
W. H. Balgarnie. [University Tutorial Series] 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
64. Antigone. A close translation in metrical English by
C. E. Laurence. 1898. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
65. Plays translated and explained by John S. Phillimore.
1902.
</p>

<p>
66. Trachiniae, translated by J. A. Prout. [Kelly's Keys]
1903. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
67. Oedipus Coloneus. Translated by J. A. Prout. [Kelly's
Keys] 1905. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='113'/><anchor id='Pg113'/>

<p>
68. Ajax. Translated by J. Clunes Wilson. 1906. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
69. The Trachinian Maidens. Translated into English Verse
by H. Sharpley. 1909. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
70. Plays, with an English Translation by F. Storr. [Loeb]
2 vols. 1912-1913. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] 2 vol., New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. Oedipus, King of Thebes; translated into English rhyming
verse, with explanatory notes by Gilbert Murray. Oxford. 1911.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1911.</hi>
</p>

<p>
72. Sophocles in English Verse by Arthur S. Way. 2 Parts.
1909-1914.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 2 Parts, New York, 1909-1911.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. Sophocles' Antigone. Literally translated. Athens, Ga.
1852-55.
</p>

<p>
2. Sophocles' Electra. Literally translated. New York.
1852-55.
</p>

<p>
3. Sophocles' Electra; literally translated. Athens, Ga.
1852-55.
</p>

<p>
4. Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus; literally translated. Athens,
Ga. 1852-55.
</p>

<p>
5. Sophocles' Oedipus Tyrannus. Literally translated. Beaver
Falls, Pa. 1852-55.
</p>

<p>
6. Tragedies of Sophocles in English prose. New York. 1855. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Sophocles' Electra; translated by J. G. Brincklé. Philadelphia.
1873. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Sophocles' Electra. N. Longworth. Cincinnati. 1878.
</p>

<p>
9. Oedipus, King of Thebes, Translated into English verse.
By G. Volney Dorsey. Piqua, Ohio. 1880. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Oedipus Tyrannus, translated by William Wells Newell.
Cambridge, Mass. 1881.
</p>

<pb n='114'/><anchor id='Pg114'/>

<p>
11. Sophocles' Antigone; translated with introduction and
notes by G. H. Palmer. Boston. 1899.
</p>

<p>
12. The Antigone of Sophocles; translated into English verse
by Joseph E. Harry. Cincinnati, Ohio. 1911.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Strabo</head>

<p>
1. Strabo's Geography translated by Falconer and Hamilton.
3 vol., 1854-1857.
</p>

<p>
2. Selections from Strabo. Introduction on Strabo's life and
works. Henry Fanshawe Tozer. Oxford. 1893.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Theocritus</head>

<p>
1. Sixe Idillia that is sixe small, or petty poems, or æglogues,
chosen out of the right famous Sicilian Poet Theocritus, and translated
into English Verse. Oxford. 1588. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Oxford, 1883.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Shepherds Starre, Now of late scene, and at this hower
to be observed merueilous orient in the East: ... Described by a
Gentleman late of the Right worthie and honorable the Lord
Burgh. [London] 1591. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [This is a paraphrase upon <q>the
third of the Canticles of Theocritus</q> by Thomas Bradshaw.]
</p>

<p>
3. The Idylliums of Theocritus, with Rapius' Discourse of
Pastorals, done into English. [By Thomas Creech] Oxford.
1684. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1721.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Idylliums of Theocritus. Translated from the Greek,
with notes ... by Francis Fawkes (some account of the life and
writings of Theocritus&mdash;an essay on pastoral poetry, by E. B.
Greene.) 1767.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Anderson's Poets of Great Britain] 1792-94;
[Chalmer's English Poets] 1810.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Theocritus and Bion with the Elegies of Tyrtaeus, translated
by Rev. R. Polwhele. 2 vol. 1786. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1792; 2 vol., 1810; 2 vol., 1811; [Works of
the Greek and Roman Poets] 1813; [British Poets] 1822.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='115'/><anchor id='Pg115'/>

<p>
6. The Greek Pastoral Poets, Theocritus, Bion, and Moschus.
Done into English by M. J. Chapman. 1836. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1848; 1865.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Bion, Moschus, Theocritus, Tyrtaeus. J. Banks. 1848.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1853; [Bohn's Popular Library] 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: Boston and Philadelphia, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. Idylls and Epigrams. Herbert Kynaston [i.e., Snow].
[Greek-English] Oxford. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Oxford, 1892.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Theocritus, translated into English verse by Charles Stuart
Calverley. Cambridge. 1869.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1883; 1896; [York Library, with introduction by
Robert Yelverton Tyrrell] 1908.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. Theocritus, Bion, and Moschus, translated with an introductory
essay by Andrew Lang. 1880.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1889; 1892; [Golden Treasury Series] 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: 1889; [Golden Treasury Series] 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. The Idylls of Theocritus, translated by James Henry
Hallard. 1894.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. The Greek Bucolic Poets, with an English translation by
J. M. Edmonds. [Loeb Classical Library] 1912.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Theocritus, Bion, and Moschus, translated into English
verse by Arthur S. Way. Cambridge. 1913. 4<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1915.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Sicilian Idyls; translated into English lyric measures, by
M. M. Miller. Boston. 1899. 16<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='116'/><anchor id='Pg116'/>

<div>
<head>Theognis</head>

<p>
1. Hesiod and Theognis. Translated by James Davies. 1873.
[Ancient Classics for English Readers]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. Callimachus, Hesiod and Theognis, translated by James
Banks. 1856.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1886.</hi>
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Theophrastus</head>

<p>
1. Epictetus his Manuall. And Cebes his Table. [Theophrastus'
Characters] Out of the Greeke Original, by Io: Healey. 1616.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1636.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The Characters, or The Manners of the Age, by Monsieur
de La Bruyére, of the French Academy; made English by Several
Hands: with the Characters of Theophrastus, translated from the
Greek; and a Prefatory Discourse to them, by Mons. de La Bruyére.
To which is added, A key to his Characters. 1699.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1700; 1702.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Characters, [translated by] Eustace Budgell. 1713. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1714; 1715; 1718; 1743; Edinburgh, 1751.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The Moral Characters translated from the Greek by H.
Gally, M.A. To which is prefixed a critical essay with notes on
characteristic-writings. 1725. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Θεοφραστου περι των Λιθων βιβλιον. Theophrastus' History
of Stones with an English version, and critical and philological
note.... By John Hill. 1746. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1774.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. The Moral Characters of Theophrastus, translated from the
Greek. By W. Rayner. Norwich. 1797.
</p>

<p>
7. Characters, Greek and English, with notes by F. Howell.
1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1831.</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Characters of Theophrastus [translated and] Illustrated
by physiognomical sketches. To which are subjoined
hints on the individual varieties of human nature and general
remarks. [By T., i.e., Isaac Taylor] 1866.
</p>

<pb n='117'/><anchor id='Pg117'/>

<p>
9. Θεοφραστου Χαρακτηρες. The Characters of Theophrastus.
An English translation by Richard Claverhouse Jebb. 1870. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: New York, 1870.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. On Winds and Weather Signs. Translated with introduction,
notes, and appendix by James George Wood. Edited by
George James Symons. 1894.
</p>

<p>
11. The Characters of Theophrastus, The Mimes of Herodas,
The Tablet of Kebes. Translated with an Introduction by
R. Thomson Clark. 1909. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [New Universal Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [New Universal Library] New York, 1913.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Characters. Translated by J. E. Sandys. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. Enquiry into plants, and minor works on odours and weather
signs. English translation by Sir Arthur Hart. 1916. 18<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
[Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] New York, 1916.</hi>
</p>

<div>
<head>American Translation</head>

<p>
1. Characters of Theophrastus; translated by C. E. Bennett
and W. A. Hammond. New York. 1902.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Thucydides</head>

<p>
1. The hystory writtone by Thucidides the Athenyan of the
warre, whiche was betwene the Peloponesians and the Athenyans,
translated oute of Frenche into the Englysh language by Thomas
Nicholls Citezine and Goldesmyth of London. [No place] 1550.
Fol. BL
</p>

<p>
2. Eight Bookes Of the Peloponnesian warre Written by
Thucydides the sonne of Olorus. Interpreted with Faith and
Diligence Immediately out of the Greeke By Thomas Hobbes
Secretary to y<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>e</hi> late Earle of Deuonshire. 1629. Fol.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1634; 1676; 1723; 1812; 1822; 1824; 1841;
2 vol., 1843.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Plague of Athens which happened in the year of the
Peloponesian warr, First described in Greek by Thucidides, then
<pb n='118'/><anchor id='Pg118'/>
in Latin by Lucretius, Now attempted in English by Tho: Sprat.
[Licensed to Master Henry Brown, Oct. 2, 1679.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1688; 1703.</hi>
</p>

<p>
4. The History of the Peloponnesian War, translated from the
Greek of Thucydides; to which are added, Three Preliminary
Discourses; by William Smith, D.D., Dean of Chester. 2 vol.,
1753. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1805; 2 vol., 1812; 2 vol., 1815; 3 vol., 1831;
1 vol., 1831; [Sir John Lubbock's Books] 1892; 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 2 vol., New York, 1820-52; New York,
1849; 2 vol., New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
5. Peloponnesian War, translated by Bloomfield. 3 vol.,
1829. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Literal translation of the first book of Thucydides' Peloponnesian
War. By H. V. Hemmings. 1836.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1849.</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. The First Book of Thucydides' History of the Peloponnesian
War, literally translated ... with notes, original and select, by
R. A. Billing. Dublin. 1836. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The History of the Peloponnesian War, literally translated
by Henry Dale. 1848. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1855-58; New York, 1872-76;
2 vol., New York, 1887.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. History of the Plague of Athens. Translated by Collier.
1857.
</p>

<p>
10. History, Book I, translated by Richard Crawley. Oxford.
1867.
</p>

<p>
11. Speeches from Thucydides, translated into English. For
the use of students. With introduction and notes, by H. M.
Wilkins. 1870. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1875.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. History of the Peloponnesian War, translated by Richard
Crawley. 1874. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Book I is a reprint of No. 10.]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1876; [Temple Classics] 2 vol., 1903; [Everyman]
1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='119'/><anchor id='Pg119'/>

<p>
13. History of the Peloponnesian War, translated by W. L.
Collins. 1878.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
14. Thucydides translated into English with an essay on
inscriptions and a note on the geography of Thucydides, by
Benjamin Jowett. 2 vol. 1881.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., Oxford, 1900.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: Boston, 1881; Boston, 1883; 2 vol., New
York, 1900; [Historians of Greece] 3 vol., New York, 1909.</hi>
</p>

<p>
15. History. Books I, II, III. Translated by Henry Owgan.
3 vol. 1885.
</p>

<p>
16. History, Book VII. Translated by Robert K. Rodwell.
Cambridge. 1887.
</p>

<p>
17. History, Book IV, translated by George F. H. Sykes. 1890.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
18. Peloponnesian War. Books IV, VII. J. A. Prout. 2 vol.
1892.
</p>

<p>
19. History, Book I. Translated by T. T. Jeffery. [University
Tutorial Series] 1895. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
20. History, Book II. Translated with test papers by J. F.
Stout. 1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University Tutorial Series.]
</p>

<p>
21. Peloponnesian War, Book VIII. Literally translated.
1899. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
22. Peloponnesian War, Book VII, translated by E. C. Marchmont.
1900. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
23. Peloponnesian War, Books V, VI. Literally translated by
J. A. Prout. 1900. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Kelly's Keys]
</p>

<p>
24. The Ideal of Citizenship (Memorabilia). Translated by
Alice E. Zimmern. 1916.
</p>

</div>

<div>
<head>Xenophon</head>

<p>
1. Xenophon's treatise of householde. Translated from Greek
into English by Gentian Hervet. 1532. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1532; 1537; 1544; 1547?; 1557; 1573; 1577.</hi>
</p>

<p>
2. The bookes of Xenophon contayning the discipline, schole,
and education of Cyrus the noble Kyng of Persie. Translated
<pb n='120'/><anchor id='Pg120'/>
out of Greeke into Englyshe, by M. William Barker. [1560?]
8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> BL
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [With the addition of two books] 1567.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. The Historie of Xenophon: containing the Ascent of Cyrus
into the higher countries. Wherein is described the admirable
iourney of ten thousand Grecians from Asia the Lesse into the
Territories of Babylon, and their retrait from thence into Greece,
notwithstanding the opposition of all their Enemies. Whereunto
is added A Comparison of the Roman manner of warres with this
of our Time, out of Iustus Lipsius. Translated by Ioh. Bingham.
1623. Fol.
</p>

<p>
4. Cyropaedia. The Institution and Life of Cyrus, the first
of that name, King of Persians. Eight Bookes.... Translated
out of Greeke into English, and conferred with the Latine and
French Translations, by Philemon Holland of the City of Coventry,
Doctor in Physick. 1632. Fol.
</p>

<p>
5. Xenophon's history of the affaires of Greece in seaven
bookes, being a continuacōn of the Pelopennesian warr, from the
time when Thucydides end to the battle of Mantinea. To wch is
prefixed an abstract of Thucydides and an account of the land
and navall forces of the ancient Greeks. Translated from the
Greek by John Newman. [Licensed to Master Wm. Freeman,
Oct. 17, 1684.]
</p>

<p>
6. Κυρου Παιδεια: or, the Institution and Life of Cyrus the
Great ... the first four books by F. Digby ... the four last by
J. Norris. 2 parts. 1685. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
7. Discourses on the publick Revenues and on the Trade, of
England.... By the Author of, The Essay on Ways and Means.
To which is added, A discourse upon improving the revenue of the
state of Athens, written originally in Greek by Xenophon; and
now made English from the Original, with some Historical notes,
by another Hand. 1698. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
8. The Memorable Things of Socrates, written by Xenophon
... Translated into English [by E. Bysshe]. To which are prefixed
the Life of Socrates from the French of Charpentier, and Life of
Xenophon collected from several authors. 1712. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<pb n='121'/><anchor id='Pg121'/>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Dublin, 1758; [Cassell's National Library] 1889,
1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [Cassell's National Library] New York,
1889, 1901.</hi>
</p>

<p>
9. Hiero; or, the condition of a Tyrant. Translated from
Xenophon, with observations. 1713. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Glasgow, 1750.</hi>
</p>

<p>
10. The Science of Good Husbandry: or, the Oeconomics of
Xenophon, translated from the Greek by R. Bradley. 1727. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
11. Cyrus' expedition into Persia and the retreat of the ten
thousand. Translated by E. Spelman. 2 vol., 1742.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 2 vol., 1749; 1806; 1811; 1813; 1830; 1849;
[With the remainder of Xenophon's Works translated by Ashley,
Cooper, Smith, Fielding, and others] 1849, 1875.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: [With the remainder of Xenophon's Works
translated by Ashley, Cooper, Smith, Fielding, and others] New
York, 1849, New York, 1852-55, New York, 1872-76.</hi>
</p>

<p>
12. Xenophon's History of the Affairs of Greece by the translator
of Thucydides. [i.e. William Smith] 1770.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1812; 1816; and see No. 11 reprints.</hi>
</p>

<p>
13. The Socratic System of Morals, as delivered in Xenophon's
Memorabilia. [By E. Edwards?] 1773.
</p>

<p>
14. Xenophon's Memoirs of Socrates; with the Defence of
Socrates before his Judges. Translated ... by S. Fielding. 1788.
</p>

<p>
15. Xenophon on Hare Hunting. By W. Blane. 1788.
</p>

<p>
16. Hiero; on the condition of Royalty: a conversation from
the Greek of Xenophon. By the translator of Antoninus' Meditations.
[R. Graves] Bath. 1793.
</p>

<p>
17. The Thymbriad; (from Xenophon's Cyropaedia) by Lady
Burrell. [In verse] 1794.
</p>

<p>
18. Xenophon's Cyropaedia, translated by Maurice Ashley.
1770.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1803; 1811; 1816; 1830; 1841.</hi>
</p>

<p>
19. Xenophon's Expedition of Cyrus. 1811.
</p>

<p>
20. Xenophon's Minor Works. Translated by several hands.
1813.
</p>

<pb n='122'/><anchor id='Pg122'/>

<p>
21. Xenophon's Expedition of Cyrus. 1817. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
22. Xenophon's Anabasis, newly translated into English from
the Greek.... By a Member of the University of Oxford. Oxford.
1822.
</p>

<p>
23. Xenophon's Anabasis, translated into English by Smith.
1824. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
24. A literal translation of the first four books of Xenophon's
Anabasis, with notes. By W. B. Maccabe. Dublin. 1824.
</p>

<p>
25. A literal translation of the first and second books of Xenophon's
Memorabilia. By a Graduate of the University. Cambridge.
1827.
</p>

<p>
26. Xenophon's Anabasis, Book I, Cap. 1-6. Greek and
English. 1833. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
27. Xenophon's Agesilaus, &amp;c. Translated into English.
1833. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
28. Xenophon's Anabasis. 1840.
</p>

<p>
29. Xenophon's Memorabilia, [translated by] Brine. 1841.
</p>

<p>
30. Xenophon's Expedition of Cyrus. Books I-III, translated
... with notes. By T. W. Allpress. 1845. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
31. Xenophon's Anabasis ... and Memorabilia of Socrates ...
translated from the Greek by J. S. Watson. With a geographical
commentary by W. F. Ainsworth. 1854. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1867; [Sir John Lubbock's Books] 1894; [Anabasis]
1894; [Memorabilia. Temple Classics] 1905.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: New York, 1856; New York, 1872-76;
[Anabasis, Books I-V; with an introduction by E. Brooks, Jr.
Pocket Literal Translations of the Classics] Philadelphia, 1895;
[Memorabilia. Temple Classics] New York, 1904.</hi>
</p>

<p>
32. Xenophon's Cyropaedia and Hellenics ... literally translated
from the Greek ... by Rev. J. S. Watson and Rev. H. Dale.
1854. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
33. Xenophon's Minor Works ... with notes and illustrations
... by J. S. Watson. 3 vol., 1854. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1857.</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 3 vol., Boston, 1872-76; 3 vol., New York,
1887.</hi>
</p>

<pb n='123'/><anchor id='Pg123'/>

<p>
34. Xenophon's Agesilaus, translated with notes by J. S.
Watson. 1857.
</p>

<p>
35. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I, II. Translated by J. A.
Giles. 1859. [Greek-English]
</p>

<p>
36. Xenophon's Memorabilia translated by George B. Wheeler.
1862.
</p>

<p>
37. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I-III, translated by Roscoe
Mongan. 1864.
</p>

<p>
38. Xenophon's Anabasis translated by George B. Wheeler.
1866.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1876.</hi>
</p>

<p>
39. Xenophon's Anabasis, with a translation and notes by
Sanderson. 1866.
</p>

<p>
40. Xenophon's Memorabilia, translated by Percival Frost.
1867.
</p>

<p>
41. Xenophon's Memorabilia, translated by Edward Levien.
1872.
</p>

<p>
42. The Economist of Xenophon. Translated by Alexander
D. O. Wedderburn and William G. Collingwood. Preface by
John Ruskin. Orpington. 1876.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Orpington, 1883.</hi>
</p>

<p>
43. Xenophon's Anabasis of Cyrus ... with notes ... by
R. W. Taylor. 1877. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
44. Xenophon's Hellenics, Books I-III, translated by Roscoe
Mongan. 1878.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1884; 1898.</hi>
</p>

<p>
45. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I-II. With text and notes.
Cambridge. 1878.
</p>

<p>
46. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I-II. Translated by Charles
H. Crosse. 1879.
</p>

<p>
47. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I-III. Translated by Thomas
J. Arnold. 1879.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1880.</hi>
</p>

<p>
48. Xenophon's Agesilaus, translated by Roscoe Mongan.
1879. [Kelley's Keys]
</p>

<pb n='124'/><anchor id='Pg124'/>

<p>
49. Xenophon's Agesilaus translated into English prose by
Herbert Hailstone. 1879.
</p>

<p>
50. Xenophon's Cyropaedia, Books VII-VIII, translated by
Charles Henry Crosse. Cambridge. 1879.
</p>

<p>
51. The Oeconomicus of Xenophon. Translated by William
James Hickie. 1879.
</p>

<p>
52. Xenophon's Cyropaedia, translated by Roscoe Mongan.
1880-81.
</p>

<p>
53. Xenophon's Memorabilia, Books I, II, IV. 1881.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1885.</hi>
</p>

<p>
54. The First ten chapters of Xenophon's Oeconomicus or
Treatise on Household Management. Translated by Aubrey
Stewart. Cambridge. 1885.
</p>

<p>
55. Xenophon's Hellenica, Book I. With an interlinear
translation by Thomas J. Arnold. 1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1892.</hi>
</p>

<p>
56. Xenophon's Oeconomicus. Edited by John Thompson.
Translation by B. J. Hayes. 1888.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1895.</hi>
</p>

<p>
57. Xenophon's Anabasis, Book IV. Translated by A. F.
Burnet. 1891.
</p>

<p>
58. Xenophon's Hellenica, Book III, edited with an introduction,
text, notes, index and translation by A. H. Allcroft and
Fanny L. D. Richardson. 1893.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: 1902.</hi>
</p>

<p>
59. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books I, II. Translated by E. S.
Crooke. Cambridge. 1893.
</p>

<p>
60. The Art of Horsemanship by Xenophon. Translated with
chapters on the Greek riding-horse and notes. By Morris Hickey
Morgan. 1894. [A reprint of American translation of 1893.]
</p>

<p>
61. Xenophon's Hellenica, Books III, IV. Book III translated
by Arthur H. Allcroft; Book IV translated by Alexander W.
Young. 1894.
</p>

<p>
62. Xenophon's Hellenica, Books I, II. Translated by Henry
Dale. 1895.
</p>

<pb n='125'/><anchor id='Pg125'/>

<p>
63. Xenophon's Anabasis, Book VII. Translated by W. H.
Balgarnie. 1895.
</p>

<p>
64. Xenophon's Hellenics, Books IV, V. Translated by J. A.
Prout. 1896.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: [Kelley's Keys] 1897.</hi>
</p>

<p>
65. Xenophon's Works, translated by Henry Graham Dakyns.
4 vol., 1890-97.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprints: 4 vol., New York, 1890-97; [Historians
of Greece] 5 vol., New York, 1910.</hi>
</p>

<p>
66. Xenophon's Cyropaedia, Book I. Edited by T. T. Jeffrey.
... Translation by W. H. Balgarnie. 1897. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [University
Tutorial Series]
</p>

<p>
67. Xenophon's Memorabilia, Book II. Translated by A. D. C.
Amos. 1901. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
68. Xenophon's Memorabilia. 1903. [University Tutorial
Series]
</p>

<p>
69. Xenophon's Memorabilia of Socrates. 1904. [Temple
Classics]
</p>

<p>
70. Xenophon's Anabasis, Book I, literally translated by
J. H. Elston. 1905. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
71. Xenophon's Hiero. Translated by J. H. Watson. 1906. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
72. Xenophon's Oeconomicus, Chapters 1-10. Translated
by C. H. Prichard. 1909. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
73. Xenophon's Anabasis, Book IV, literally translated with
notes by Edgar Sanderson. 1913. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
74. Xenophon's Cyropaedia. Translation revised by Miss
F. M. Stawell. 1914. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Everyman]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Everyman] New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
75. Xenophon's Cyropaedia. With an English translation by
Walter Miller. Vols. 1-2. 1914. [Loeb Classical Library]
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>American Reprint: [Loeb] 2 vol., New York, 1914.</hi>
</p>

<p>
76. Xenophon's Anabasis, Books III, IV, literally translated
by Edgar Sanderson. 1915. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Book IV is a reprint of No. 73.]
</p>

<pb n='126'/><anchor id='Pg126'/>

<div>
<head>American Translations</head>

<p>
1. History of the Expedition of Cyrus. Translated. 2 vol.
New York. 1820-52.
</p>

<p>
2. Xenophon's Anabasis. Interlinear translation by Hamilton
and Clark. New York. 1855-58. 12<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi>
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>Reprinted: Philadelphia, 1887, 1896.</hi>
</p>

<p>
3. Xenophon's Works. 3 vols. New York. 1887.
</p>

<p>
4. Xenophon's Anabasis. New York. 1889. [Handy Literal
Translations]
</p>

<p>
5. The Art of Horsemanship by Xenophon. Translated by
M. H. Morgan. Boston. 1893.
</p>

<p>
<hi rend='italic'>English Reprint: London, 1894.</hi>
</p>

<p>
6. Xenophon's Memorabilia. New York. 1894. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [International
Translations, New Classic Series]
</p>

<p>
7. Anabasis, Book I; containing the Greek text literally translated,
with full grammatical analysis and explanatory notes; with
an introduction by D. S. Elbon. New York. 1917. 8<hi rend='vertical-align: super'>o</hi> [Fully
Parsed Classics]
</p>

</div>

</div>

<div>
<head>Xenophon Of Ephesus</head>

<p>
1. Abradates and Panthea. A tale [in verse] extracted from
Xenophon by W. W. Beach. Salisbury. 1765.
</p>

</div>

</div>

<pb n='127'/><anchor id='Pg127'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Index</head>

<p>
<hi rend='smallcaps'>Note</hi>: The numbers refer to the number of the translations as listed under the Greek
Author. Those marked with an asterisk (*) are to be found in the list of American
translations which follows the list of English translations of each Greek Author.
</p>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>A., J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Adams, Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hippocrates, 1*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Adams, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Adams, M. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 83</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Addison, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Alford, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 63</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Allcroft, Arthur Hadrian</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 111;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 58, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Allen, F. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Allpress, T. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Amos, A. D. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 67</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Anonymous</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 2, 3, 3*, 8, 16, 67, 75, 87, 91;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 3*, 4*, 5*, 6*, 7*, 8*, 9*, 10, 11*, 13, 13*, 14*, 15*, 16, 16*, 18, 18*, 19*, 20*, 21*, 39, 42, 44, 45, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 55, 56, 57;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 10;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 9;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 1*, 3*, 5*, 11, 12, 13, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 13, 17, 43, 46, 69;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 1, 2, 5, 13, 15, 17, 28, 30, 31, 59, 60;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Artemidorus 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bion, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 2, 4, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Chariton, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes 3*, 4*, 25, 26, 27;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus 1*, 3*, 6*, 7*, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripedes, 1*, 2*, 20, 22, 24, 27, 45, 54, 55, 78, 79, 106;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 3, 5, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodian, 2, 4, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus 4, 7, 9, 17, 19;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hippocrates 1, 4, 5, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 11*, 16*, 36, 38, 41, 45, 46, 50, 52, 53, 54, 65, 67, 104, 109;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 4, 10;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 3, 4, 12, 15;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 3, 6, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 3, 5, 6, 9, 17, 21, 24;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lysias, 1*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pausanias 3, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 5, 27;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 1*, 2, 3*, 4*, 5*, 6, 6*, 7, 7*, 8*, 9, 9*, 10*, 17, 27, 37, 40, 41, 43, 46, 47;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 1, 1*, 4*, 5, 5*, 6, 6*, 14*, 15*, 17, 19, 24, 28, 31, 35, 40;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 6, 9;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 1, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles 1*, 2*, 3*, 4*, 5*, 6*, 14, 15, 20, 23, 26, 27, 53;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 1, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 21;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon 1*, 3*, 4*, 6*, 7, 9, 19, 20, 21, 26, 27, 28, 47, 53, 68, 69;</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Armitstead, G. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 41</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Armour, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Arnold, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 20</l>
</lg>

<pb n='128'/><anchor id='Pg128'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Arnold, Thomas J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 23;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 40;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 65, 67, 68, 86;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 47, 55</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Arwaker, E.</hi> (The Younger)</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ashley, Maurice</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ashwick, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 27</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Auchmuty, A. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 58</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Author of British Nepos</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Authors of the Art of Thinking</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ayres, Philip</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>B., H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>B., R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>B., W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Appian, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Balgarnie, W. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 98, 103;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 63;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 63, 66</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Balgrave, A. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Balliol Man</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 50</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bally, G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bandion, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bannister, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Banks, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Callimachus, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 28;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theognis, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barham, T. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 82</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Baring, Thomas Charles</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barker, M. William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barlow, Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barlow, Jane</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 118</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barnard, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 87</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barnes, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barret, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barrett, Elizabeth</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Barter, W. G. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 60</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Baxter, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Beach, W. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon of Ephesus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bedford, G. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Behn, Aphra</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Beloe, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Alciphron, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Benecke, Edward F. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Appian, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bevan, Edwyn</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 95</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bewick, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Biddle, George W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bigge-Wither, Lovelace</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 78</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Billing, R. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Billson, Charles J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bingham, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeneas, 1, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 3</l>
</lg>

<pb n='129'/><anchor id='Pg129'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Birch, Nathan</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Birmingham, C. Lloyd</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 40</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blackie, John Stuart</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blakeney, E. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 129</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bland, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blane, W. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blew, William John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 25;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 49</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bloomfield</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blundeville, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 8;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Blyth, Thomas Allen</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 99</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Boardman, J. Harold</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bolland</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Booth G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diodorus Siculus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bosanquet, B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 12*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bouchier, E. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 69, 74;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 77</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Boulton, M. P. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 86</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bourne, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Boyd, H. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bradley, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brandreth, T. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 56</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brandt, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bridgeman, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 23, 24;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brine</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bringsley, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brinklé, J. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 7*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brodribb, W. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brooke, C. F. Tucker</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 9*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Broome, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius of Rhodes, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 18, 19, 23, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brougham, Henry, Lord</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Broughton, Reginald</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 50;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 50</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brown, E. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 76</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Brown, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Browne, R. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Browning, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 43;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 49</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bryant, William Cullen</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 5*, 6*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bryce</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 55</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Buckley, Theodore Alois</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 21;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 34;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 29;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 58</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Budgell, Eustice</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bullokar, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burges, G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burnet, A. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 110;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 57</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burnet, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 71</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burrell, Lady</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 17</l>
</lg>

<pb n='130'/><anchor id='Pg130'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burton, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Burton, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Achilles Tatius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bury, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Butcher, Samuel Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 65, 68;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 94</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Butler, Samuel</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 119, 125</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Byles, C. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 8*, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bynner, Witter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 5*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bysshe, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Bywater, Ingram</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 76</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Calacleugh, W. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 4*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Caldecott, Alfred</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 40</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Calverley, Charles Stuart</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cambridge Graduate</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 52</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Campbell, Lewis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 54, 65, 83;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 35, 36, 37, 44</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carlill, H. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 65</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carman, Bliss</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 4*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carnarvon, Earl of</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 105</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carr, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carrington</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Carter, Elizabeth</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cartwright, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 39</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cary, Elizabeth L.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 22*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cary, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 8;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 19;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Casaubon, Meric</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Case, Janet</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 81</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Caxton, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cayley, C. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 34;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 88</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chapman, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chapman, M. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Charleston, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epicurus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chase, D. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 39</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chatterton, Lady</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chesterton, Gilbert K.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 54</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Chetwood, K.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Church, F. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 39</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clark</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 2*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clark, G. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clark, R. Thomson</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clarke, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 94</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clarke</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Clifford, C. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 24;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cogan, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diodorus Siculus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Colse, Peter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 2</l>
</lg>

<pb n='131'/><anchor id='Pg131'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Coleridge, Edward Philip</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius Rhodius, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 85;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 57</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collier</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 37;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collier, Jeremy</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collier, Rt. Hon. Sir R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collingwood, William G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collins, Clifton W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 33</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Collins, W. Lucas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 27;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 79, 80;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 18;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Congreve, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Conington, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 84</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cope, Alfred Davies</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 68</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cope, Edward Meredith</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 43;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 26, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Copeland, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Artemidorus of Ephesus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Copeston, R. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 46</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cooke</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cooke, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bion, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cooke, Rev. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cookesley, W. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cooper, John D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 62</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cooper, Lane</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cordery, John Graham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 81, 124</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cotterill, H. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 131</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Covington, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cowley, Abraham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cowper, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 33</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cox, G. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crawley, Richard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 10, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Creech, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cresswell, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 40</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crimmin</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Critannah, Job</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crooke, Edmund S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 38, 41;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 18;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 84, 128;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 59</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crooke, Samuel E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 66</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crosse, Charles H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 46, 50</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Crossley, Hastings</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 4*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Croxall, Samuel</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 27</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cudworth, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 76, 82;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 117, 122</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cumberland, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 9, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Cummings, Prentiss</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 13*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>D., I.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 6, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dacier, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dakyns, Henry Graham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 65</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dale, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 8;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 32, 62</l>
</lg>

<pb n='132'/><anchor id='Pg132'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dale, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dalton, C. N.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 36</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dancey, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Arrian, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dart, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 66</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Davidson, Judson France</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Davies, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Davies, John Llewelyn</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Appian, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Davies, J. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Davies, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 46, 49;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Babrius, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theognis, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dawson</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Day, Alfred</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Daye, Angell</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>De Mornay, Philippe</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Derby, Earl</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 69</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>De Wilson, Basford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 55</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Digby, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dinsdale, Joshua</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Direcks, Rudolph</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dobson, J. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 86</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Doctor of Physick</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dodd, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Callimachus, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dodsley, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Donaldson, J. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 28</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Donne, W. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 52</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dorsey, G. Volney</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 9*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dowdall, L. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 80</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Doyle, Sir F. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 31</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Draper, Charles</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 28</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Drennan, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dryden, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 17;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Du Cane, Charles</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 96</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dunster, C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 8, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dyde, S. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 59</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Dymes, Thomas J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 62</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>E. E. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Easby-Smith, J. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Alcaeus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Edgar, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 112</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Edgington, G. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 76</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Editors of the Analytical Series of Greek and Latin Classics</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 69</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Edmonds, J. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Edwards, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 13</l>
</lg>

<pb n='133'/><anchor id='Pg133'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Edwards, T. W. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 20;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 16, 18, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Elbon, D. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 7*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Eliot, Sir Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 2, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Elkins, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius Rhodius, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ellis, E. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 3*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ellis, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Elston, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 70</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Elton, Charles Abraham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 18;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Estes, Dana</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Eusden, Lawrence</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Evans, Arthur Humble</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Evans, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Evelyn, F. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 125</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Evelyn-White, Hugh G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Eyears, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 46</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>F., W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fage</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Falconer, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Arrian, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Strabo, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Farquharson, A. S. L.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 85</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Farrar, Canon F. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 5*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Faussett, Rev. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fawkes, Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 12;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fearenside, Charles Scott</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Featherstone, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fennell, Charles A. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fenton, Elijah</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 22, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fielding, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 6, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fielding, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>First-Class Man of Balliol College</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschines, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 36, 38, 39, 55;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 20, 21, 36;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 44, 47, 48;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 33, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fitz-Cotton, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fitzgerald, M. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 40</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fleintoff</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fleming, Abraham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aelian, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Flint, J. Russell</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ford, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Forrest, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Forster, E. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 86</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Foulis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fowler, H. N.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 69</l>
</lg>

<pb n='134'/><anchor id='Pg134'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Fox, G. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 14, 15;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Francis, Rev. Philip</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Francklin, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 12;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Frazer, W. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 37</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Freeland, F. A. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 58</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Freese, John Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 109, 121;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Frere, A. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Frere, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 11, 37</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Frost, Percival</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 40</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>G., T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gally, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Garnett, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Garnett, Richard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 7, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Garrett, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Garth, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gascoigne, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gaselee, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gautillon, Peter John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Geddes, Alexander</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gentleman of the University</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gerard, C. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gibson, G. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 47</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gibson, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 49;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gildon</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Giles, H. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Giles, J. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 27, 29;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 45;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 36, 37;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 24;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 21;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gillies, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 21;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gilpin, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Girdleston, J. L.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Girdlestone, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Glouton, Mons.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Godley, Alfred D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 45</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gold Medallist in the Classics</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 59</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Goodwin, H. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Phoclydes, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Goodwin, W. Watson</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 6*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gosson, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gould, F. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 10*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 57;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 51, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate in Honors of the University of Oxford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate of Cambridge</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate of the University</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 25</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate of the University of Dublin</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 22</l>
</lg>

<pb n='135'/><anchor id='Pg135'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate of the University of Oxford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 16, 19;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 43</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graduate of Trinity College, Dublin</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Grant, Sir A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 41, 46</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Grant, A. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Grant, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Granvill, Hon. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Graves, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 8;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Green, G. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 99</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Green, William Charles</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 41;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 38;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 102;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 89, 101</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Greene, E. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 13;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Greene, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 9, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Greenwood, L. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 77</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Grimeston, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Gurney, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 41, 45</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hailstone, Herbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 63;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 42, 44, 52;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 66, 80, 83, 87, 95;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 23, 27, 29;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 95, 98;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 25;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 30, 33;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 49</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Haines, C. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Halcombe, P. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 105</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hall, Arthur</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hall, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hallard, James Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hamilton</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 2*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Strabo, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hammond, William A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 70;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hampton</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hardie, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 60</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Harford, J. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Harmon, A. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 27</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Harris, G. Woodruffe</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 35, 37, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Harry, Joseph E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 12*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hart, Sir Arthur</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hart, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodian, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Harvey, Franklin</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 66</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hatch, W. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 49</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hathaway, Timothy</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Havell, H. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Haydon, John H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 84, 96;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 111;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hayes, Bernard John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 59;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 98, 100, 104;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 56</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Headlam, C. E. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 92</l>
</lg>

<pb n='136'/><anchor id='Pg136'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Headlam, Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 78, 80, 88, 89;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Meleager, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Healey, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Heath, Sir Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristarchus of Samos, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hemmings, H. V.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Henrisone, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Herbert, H. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Herrick, H. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Herringman, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Callimachus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Herschel, Sir J. F. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 73</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hervet, Gentian</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hickes, Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hickie, D. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hickie, William John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 23;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 70, 71, 74;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 56;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 51</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hicks, R. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 73</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hill, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hill, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Artemidoris of Ephesus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hobbes, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 13, 14, 15;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hodges, Anthony</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Achilles Tatius, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hodges, George S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hogarth, David G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 45</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Holland, Otho</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Holland, Philemon</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hoole, Charles H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 22;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 36</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hope, Winifred Ayres</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Howell, F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Howland, G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 10*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hoy, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 15;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hughes, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Hulme, Elizabeth</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Huntingford, E. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 58</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>I., H. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 81</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Irving, S. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Irwin, Sidney Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>J., T. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jackson, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 26;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jacobs, Joseph</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 43</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jagger, A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 130</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>James I, King</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>James, Rev. Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 33</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jayes, Samuel H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 61</l>
</lg>

<pb n='137'/><anchor id='Pg137'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jebb, Sir Richard Claverhouse</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 79;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bacchylides, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 41, 54;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jeffery, T. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 31;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jennings, J. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Johnson, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epicurus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Johnson, P. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 7*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jones, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isaeus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Jowett, Benjamin</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 56;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 31;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kendall, Timothy</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kennedy, Benjamin Hall</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 31;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kennedy, Brown Hall</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 47</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kennedy, Charles Rann</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 10, 13, 15, 16, 28</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kennedy, Rt. Hon. Sir</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>William Aristophanes, 70</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kenyon, Frederic G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 63;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hyperides, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Keppais, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Kerr, A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 3*</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 13*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>King, C W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Knight, Henry J. Corbett</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 63</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>L., H. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 64</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lamb, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aratus of Soli, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lang, Andrew</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 94, 100;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lang, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Langhorne, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bion, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Langhorne, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Langley, Samuel</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 28</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Laurence, C. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 64</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Laurent, E. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Leaf, Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 100</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lee, Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lee, John R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Le Grice, C. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Leland, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lenox, Mrs. Charlotte</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Leonard, William Ellery</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Empedocles, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>L'Estrange, Sir Roger</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Levien</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 41</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lewers, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lewis, Arthur Gardner</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 15*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Liardet</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lindsay, A. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 66</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lindsay, T. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 14*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lisle, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 4</l>
</lg>

<pb n='138'/><anchor id='Pg138'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Littlebury, Isaac</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Llody, Humfry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hippocrates, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lloyd, David</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lloyd, W. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Locke, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Long, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 10;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Longworth, N.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 8*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Loveday, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 84</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lowe, Peter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hippocrates, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lowe, W. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lowth, Bishop</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Prodicus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Lucas, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 31</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Luck, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>M., I. (James Maxwell?)</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodian, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>M., R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>M. A. of Oxford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Macaulay, George Campbell</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Maccabe, W. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Macgregor, J. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 36</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mackail, John William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 123, 127</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mackay, R. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 28, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mackensie, R. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 99</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>MacNally, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Macpherson, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Macran, H. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristoxenus of Tarentum, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Maginn, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 57</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mair, A. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Manning</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Dio Cassius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Manning, F. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marchmont, E. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marcon, Charles Abdy</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 44</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Margoliouth, D. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 83</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marlowe, Christopher</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marshall, William Wilkinson</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 27</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marshe, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Artimidorus of Ephesus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Marson, Charles L.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 68</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Maurice, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Maxwell, James</hi> (?)</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodian, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Maybury, Augustus Constable</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 72;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 106</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mayne, C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 28</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>McBridge, Rev. R. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 4*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>McCrindle, J. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Arrian, 1, 5, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Ctesias, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>McGregor, R. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 4</l>
</lg>

<pb n='139'/><anchor id='Pg139'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>McMahan, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>M'Cormac</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Medwin, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 11, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Member of the University of Oxford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 12, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 44;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Merivale, Charles</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 77</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Merivale, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Meyer-Warlow, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 57</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Miller, M. N.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Miller, Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 75</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mills, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mills, T. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 73;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 55, 56, 57, 62</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Milman, Henry Hart</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 31;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 77, 117</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mitchell, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Molyneux, Henry Howard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mongan, Roscoe</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 52;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 35, 59, 62, 73;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 90, 91, 92;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 20;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 38, 39, 40;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 37, 44, 48, 52</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Monro, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Alciphron, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Moore, A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 14, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Moore, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>More, Paul Elmer</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 5*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 11*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morehead, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morgan, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morgan, M. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 5*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morgan, Morris, Hickie</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morgan-Brown, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 113</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morice, Francis Davis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morland, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morrell, Rev. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morrice, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 39</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morris, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 107</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Morshead, Edmund Doidge</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anderson Aeschylus, 44, 53, 56, 68;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 46, 62</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Moyle, Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Mumford, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Murray, Gilbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 61;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 108, 112, 114, 115, 116, 120, 121, 122, 123, 126;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 71</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Murray, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Musgrave, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 71</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Myers, Ernest</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 100;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nash, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 88, 101</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Neaves, Lord</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nevins, W. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 46</l>
</lg>

<pb n='140'/><anchor id='Pg140'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Newell, William Wells</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 10*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Newman, F. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 59</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Newman, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nicholls, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nicklin, J. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 26;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 54;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 36</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Norgate, T. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 64, 68</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Norris, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>North, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Northmore, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nothus</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Simonides of Ceos, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Nuttall, Richard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>O'Connor, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 56</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Officer of the United States Treasury Department</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hesiod, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ogelsby, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 12;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ogle, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 58, 67</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>O'Hara, J. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 3*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Old Gentleman of Gray's Inn</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Oldham, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 1, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Oldisworth</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Orger, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Osborne, Percy</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Owgan, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 14;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 11;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Owen, O. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Oxford, M. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 21, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ozel</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>P., J. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Paley, Frederick Apthorp</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 30, 50, 51;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 32, 35;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Palin, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 7, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Palmer, George Herbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 8*, 9*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 11*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pargiter, Edmund</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Parker, Samuel</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Parnell, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 19, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Parsons</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Paton, W. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 85;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anthology, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Patrick, G. T. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heraclitus of Ephesus, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peabody, A. P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peacham, Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pease, C. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 132</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pegg, E. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 60</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pembroke</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peppin, Talbot Sydenham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 115</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Perkins, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 39;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 26</l>
</lg>

<pb n='141'/><anchor id='Pg141'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Perrin, Bernadotte</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 7*, 11*, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peter, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 2*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 12*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peterborough, Earl of</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Peters, F. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 51</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Philipot, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Philips, Ambrose</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Philips, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Phillimore, John S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 65</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Picard, Arthur</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pitt, C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Callimachus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Plaistowe, Francis Gifford</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 69, 71, 73;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 47, 50;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 52, 55;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 55</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Platt, A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 81</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Plumptre, Edward Hayes</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 37;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Polwhele, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bion, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pope, Alexander</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 19, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Portal, Andrew</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschines, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Poste, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 33, 42;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aratus of Soli, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Potter, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 8, 11, 117;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Povey, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Powell, George Herbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Poyntz, Sir Francis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pratt, A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 94</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Preston, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Price, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Price, U.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pausanias, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Prichard, A. O.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Prichard, C. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 71;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 73</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Prout, J. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 51, 53, 57, 59;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 32;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 90;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 30, 31, 33;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 20;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 53, 58;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 66, 67;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 18, 23;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 64</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pulteney, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Purves, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 114</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Pye, Henry James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 18;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 6, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Quinn, Michael T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 49</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>R., B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Raleigh, Sir Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Randolphe, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rastell, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rawlinson, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rawlinson, Sir Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 12</l>
</lg>

<pb n='142'/><anchor id='Pg142'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rayner, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rendall, Gerald H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Reynolds, Richard Williams</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 91;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 116</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rice, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 60;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Richardson, Fanny L. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 58</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Richardson, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rittson, Isaac</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Roberts, W. Rhys</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Dionysius of Halicarnassus, 2, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Robinson, A. Mary</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Robinson, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 39</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Roche, J. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rodwell, Robert K.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rogers, Benjamin B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 25, 32, 56, 60, 64, 65, 66, 72</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rogers, J. E. Thorobald</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 53</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Roll, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rolleston, Thomas W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rook</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Arrian, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ross, G. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 72</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ross, W. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 75, 78</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rowe, Nicholas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pythagoras, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rudd, L. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 24</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rundall, John William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 54;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Rundell, J. B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sadlier, Richard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sanderson, Edgar</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 39, 73, 76</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sandys, J. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sandys, Sir John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 29</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sanford, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Schomberg, George Augustus</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 93</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Scott, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Seaton, R. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Apollonius, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Selina, A Lady</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sewell</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sharpley, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 97, 113;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 69</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Shears, Sir Henry</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sheldon, W. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Shelley, Percy Bysshe</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 117;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 45</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sheridan, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Shilleto, Arthur Richard</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pausanias, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Shuckburgh, Evelyn Shirley</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sidgwick, Arthur</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 55;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 26, 28, 29, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Simcox, Edwin W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 70</l>
</lg>

<pb n='143'/><anchor id='Pg143'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Simcox, G. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Simcox, W. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Simms, C. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 72, 85</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Simpson, Francis P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sixth Form Boys of Bradfield College</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 70, 93;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 111, 124</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Slade, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 34;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 23</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, B. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 2*;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 2*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, E. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, J. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 75, 78</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Achilles Tatius, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, W. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 3*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, Walter</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 47;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smith, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 4;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Smyth, Nicholas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodian, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Snow, Herbert</hi> (Also <hi rend='smallcaps'>Kynaston, Herbert</hi>)</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 118;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Solomon, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 86</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sotheby, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 47, 48, 51</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Speers, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 15*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Spelman, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Dionysius of Halicarnassus, 1;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Spence, Ferrand</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Spens, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Spillan D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschines, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 12;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 32, 33</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sprat, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sprengell, C. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Hippocrates, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Spurdens, W. T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Squire, Sam</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stanford, C. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 2*, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Standfast, William D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 75</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stanhope, Hon. Col.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stanhope, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stanley, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aelian, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 3;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Bion, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stapylton, Sir R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Starkie, W. J. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 63, 67</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Staunton, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stawell, Miss F. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 67;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 75</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stebbing, Thomas R. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Steers, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 31</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stephens, H. L.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 12*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stewart, Aubrey</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 26;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 54</l>
</lg>

<pb n='144'/><anchor id='Pg144'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stewart, J. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 63</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sticker, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diodorus Siculus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stickney, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 23*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stirling</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stock, St. George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 57, 86;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 108</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Storer, Edward</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Storr, F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 70</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Stout, J. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 107;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 32;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Student of Dublin University</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sturtevant, Simon</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Super, C. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 13*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Swanwick, Anna</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 20, 32</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Swayne, G. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 19, 28;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sydenham, Fowler</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Sykes, G. F. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 84, 110;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 17</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Symons, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 6</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Talbot, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tasker, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tate, Nahum</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tatham, Meaburn Talbot</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 45</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, A. E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, Hugh Woodruff</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 14*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, Isaac</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 6;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 8</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, R. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 44</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Taylor, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 22, 25, 27;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pausanias, 2;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 13, 14</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Theobald, Lewis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 4, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Musaeus, 7;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 3, 4, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thomas, Richard Moody</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 89, 93;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 120, 126</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thompson, D'Arcy Wentworth</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 82</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thompson, Gilbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 35</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thompson, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 100, 104, 110;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 28;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 110;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 57</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thomson, James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thornley, G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thring, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 79</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Thurlow, Lord</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ticknell, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Toland, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diodorus Siculus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Topham</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Toulmin, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Toumy, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Townsend, G. Fyler</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 36</l>
</lg>

<pb n='145'/><anchor id='Pg145'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tozer, Henry Fanshawe</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Strabo, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Trayes, F. E. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tremenheere, Hugh Seymour</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 22</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tucker, T. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 61, 74, 90;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 41</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Turner, D. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tutin, J. R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Twine, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Dionysius the Perigete, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Twining, T.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tyrrell, Robert Y.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 35;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 50</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Tytler, H. W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Callimachus, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Underdone, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Heliodorus, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Unus Multorum</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Menander, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Urquhart, D. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Ussher, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Vaughan, David James</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 21;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Verrall, Arthur Woolgar</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 58, 60, 64, 82;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 47, 48</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Verrall, Margaret de G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pausanias, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Vincent, William</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Arrian, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Walford, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 36</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Walker, E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Epictetus, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Warren, R.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Cebes, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Warr, George C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 72</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wase, Christopher</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 2</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Waterlow, Sidney</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 119</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Watson, Christopher</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Polybius, 1, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Watson, J. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 72</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Watson, J. S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 31, 32, 33, 34</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Watt, A. F.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 110;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 64</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Way, Arthur Saunders</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 92;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 97, 102;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 72;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theocritus, 13</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Webster, Augusta</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 43</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Webster, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 33</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wedderburn, Alexander D. O.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 42</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Weir, Clyde</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 7*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Weir, Harrison</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 37</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Welldon, James E. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 54, 58, 64</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Welsted</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Longinus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>West, Gilbert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 2, 5;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 10;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 3, 13;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 4</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Weston, W. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 12*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wharton, Henry Thornton</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sappho, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wheeler, George B.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 36, 38</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wheelwright, C. A.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 18;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Pindar, 16</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Whewell, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 23</l>
</lg>

<pb n='146'/><anchor id='Pg146'/>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>White, Horace</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Appian, 4, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>White, J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>White, S.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Whitelaw, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 86;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 43</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilkins, George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 18</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilkins, H. M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilkinson, John</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilkinson, Sir J. G.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Willan, Leon</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 11</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Williams</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Lucian, 19</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Williams, F. H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 21</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Williams, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 51</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Williams, P.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 37</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Williams, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 44</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Willingham, W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 15</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Willis</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilson, J. Clunes</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plutarch, 39;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 68</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wilson, Thomas</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Witt, E. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 75</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wodhull, Michael</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Euripides, 9, 77, 117</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Woglog</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aesop, 1*</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wolfe, Jeremiah</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Isocrates, 7</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wood</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wood, James George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Theophrastus, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wood, M.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aeschylus, 26</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wood, Robert</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Artemidorus, 5</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Woodhouse, W. J.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Demosthenes, 33;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Herodotus, 34;</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 126</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Worsley, Philip Stanhope</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 62, 74</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wotton, Anthony</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristotle, 9</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wratislaw, Theodore</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 12</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wright, Henry Smith</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 103</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wright, J. C.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Homer, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Wright, Joshua</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Plato, 20</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Yonge</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 30</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Young, Dr.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Aristophanes, 6, 10</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Young, Alexander W.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Xenophon, 61</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Young, Sir George</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Sophocles, 49, 52</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Younge, C. D.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Diogenes Laertius, 3</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Younge, H.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Anacreon, 12</l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Athenaeus, 1</l>
</lg>

<lg>
<l><hi rend='smallcaps'>Zimmern, Alice E.</hi></l>
<l rend='margin-left: 2'>Thucydides, 24</l>
</lg>

</div>

<pb n='147'/><anchor id='Pg147'/>

<div rend='page-break-before: always'>
<index index='toc'/>
<index index='pdf'/>
<head>Vita</head>

<p>
Finley Melville Kendall Foster was born in New York
City, New York, January 27, 1892. He was educated in
the public schools of New York City, and at New York
University, where he was graduated A.B., in 1913, and
A.M., in 1914. He spent the years 1913-15, including the
Summer School session of 1914, in graduate study at New
York University. During the year 1913-14 he was A. Ogden
Butler Classical Fellow of New York University and assistant
in English. During the years 1914-16 he was instructor in
English at New York University. During the year 1915-16
he pursued certain courses in graduate study in English at
Columbia University. The year 1916-17 he spent in full
residence at Columbia University. In 1917 he was appointed
instructor in English at Delaware College; and in March,
1918, assistant professor of English.
</p>

</div>

</body>
<back rend="page-break-before: right">
  <div rend="page-break-before: right">
    <divGen type="pgfooter" />
  </div>
</back>
</text>
</TEI.2>
